To say 2021 was a turbulent year would be an understatement. The continuing repercussions of COVID-19 dominated and affected consumer behaviour, supply chains, logistics – and our working lives. In 2021, we also took another step forward in our continued growth strategy with the acquisition of Global Integrated Logistics (GIL) from Agility. In the middle of all this change and extraordinary disruption, we performed well – continuing to help customers keep their supply chains flowing. 2021 was a successful year for the DSV Group. Our revenue amounted to DKK 182.3 billion (+58.6%), gross profit was DKK 37.6 billion (+32.7%) and operating profit before special items was DKK 16.2 billion (+71.3%). Our adjusted free cash flow was DKK 8,659 million. We distributed DKK 18,761 million to shareholders in 2021 via share buybacks and dividends. And the DSV share price rose 49.8%. Conspiring across global supply chains. Beyond the continuous pandemic lockdowns and restrictions, a surging demand for goods strained transport capacity, equipment, infrastructure and labour across the supply chain. Bottlenecks persist and have led to record-high freight rates in 2021. These disruptions continue to impact the global economy, raising difficult questions for the logistics industry and exposing global supply chain vulnerabilities. There is no quick fix when it comes to solving these challenges. It will call for concerted collaboration between public and private sectors. We understand what our customers are going through, and we will keep finding solutions, optimising operations and mitigating all the risks we can to keep supply chains running smoothly. DSV is in a good position to ride out the storm. We have solid relationships with carriers. We have strong freight forwarding capabilities and skilled people who take immediate action when needed. We have worked to develop our digital production platforms and ensure more transparent supply chains. We have modern, automated warehouses that can handle the larger inventories that come with increasing demand for e-fulfilment or increasing stock reserves. In 2021, we completed the DKK 30 billion acquisition of GIL. This was a major milestone in our growth journey. Through this acquisition, we expanded our geographical reach – particularly in Asia and the Middle East – and improved our network and services. Today, we are in a stronger position than ever to support customers and grow our business with confidence. Our teams are now bringing GIL into the DSV family, consolidating operations, IT, administration and logistics. While we integrate we make sure day-to-day business and service levels stay high for our customers, and we strive to keep momentum and progress in our other key strategic projects within IT and business development. Our GIL integration plan is on track, and we expect to complete it in Q3 2022. Today and tomorrow, sustainability should underpin every aspect of our business. The supply chains we support have to significantly decarbonise if they are to keep flowing sustainably, and DSV must play an active role in helping our industry shape a genuinely sustainable future. We have begun the long journey to achieve our sciencebased targets for cutting CO2 emissions. In 2021, we were proud to receive the Danish Climate Strategy Award in recognition of our ambitious goals and the actions we have already taken to reduce our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. We use this recognition as motivation to handle the significant tasks ahead of us – tasks that we can only solve in close cooperation with our customers, suppliers, authorities and other important stakeholders. Cooperation, innovation and regulation are all needed to get us all the way to the target. Last year, we launched a set of services under our new Green Logistics banner. The services range from CO2 reporting and supply chain optimisation to emission compensation and sustainable fuel solutions. We have designed each solution to cut our customers’ supply chain carbon footprints and at the same time reduce our own scope 3 emissions. Finally, I want to acknowledge the huge contribution of our employees and thank them for their resolute efforts in very difficult circumstances. 2021 taught us many valuable lessons; most importantly, it reminded us that freight forwarding will always be a people-centred business – supported by digital tools and a flexible approach to how we operate. Whatever market challenges persist next year, we are optimistic about the future – and we are committed to keep supply chains flowing in this world of change.