It has been an eventful year at DSV. Over the past 12 months, we have achieved several significant milestones, the most notable being the announcement of the acquisition of Schenker. This is a landmark in our history that will transform DSV into a world-leading player in the industry, with approximately 160,000 dedicated employees. Despite disruptions in global freight markets, we have delivered solid financial results. In the second half of the year, we returned to year-over-year growth, benefitting from our organic growth strategy. Our sustainability journey continues to gain momentum as we invest in CO2 reduction initiatives and support our customers with solutions for their decarbonisation strategies. In a year with geopolitical uncertainty and disruptions in global freight markets, we delivered a solid set of results. Our gross profit for 2024 amounted to DKK 42,974 million (-1.2%), and our operating profit before special items totalled DKK 16,096 million (-8.4%), in line with our financial guidance for the year. Our adjusted free cash flow for 2024 came to DKK 5,550 million (-51.6%) and ROIC was 15.4% compared to 17.8% last year. The lower earnings were expected, as last year’s earnings were positively impacted by extraordinary market conditions, especially in the first half of 2023. While the average gross profit per unit in the Air & Sea division normalised in 2024, we saw improved activity levels and volume growth in all transport modes. In competitive markets, we delivered a strong performance and gained market share across all three divisions. The transport and logistics industry is a barometer for geopolitical events, macroeconomic developments and market fluctuations, all of which impacted our customers’ supply chains in 2024. Regional unrest in the Middle East has directly impacted global trade flows. Attacks on commercial ships in the Red Sea have forced carriers to use alternative routes, resulting in longer transit times, reduced ocean capacity and higher freight rates. The macroeconomic environment was characterised by continued high interest rates and inflation. However, global transport volumes still grew, driven by lower inventory levels at the beginning of the year and solid consumer spending, especially in the US. The global air freight market was positively impacted by Chinese e-commerce players exporting large volumes from Asia, demonstrating the fast-paced and dynamic nature of global trade and consumer trends. Other markets faced considerable pressure, particularly European road freight, which was impacted by reduced demand and heightened competition. Towards the end of the year, we were working closely with our customers to mitigate the impact of potential port strikes and increased trade tariffs in the US. Supply chain challenges like these highlight the importance of leveraging our global end-to-end network and expertise to support our customers and keep their supply chains flowing. The ability to implement changes is fundamental to developing a company and achieving profitable growth. In 2024, we revised our commercial approach to enhance our value proposition with a stronger customer focus. Our three divisions remain the backbone of our operations, but in addition we are increasing our offering of bespoke industry-specific solutions within five dedicated verticals, thereby utilising our industry expertise. We strengthened our network services for the European road and global air and sea freight markets as well as enhanced our global footprint in Solutions. Our strategy is to continue to expand and improve our network to provide the best service for our customers based on digitalised solutions. These commercial and operational initiatives contributed to strong momentum and market share gains across all three divisions. We have a strong history of growth built around mergers and acquisitions, and M&A remains central to our strategy. In September 2024, we were proud to add to this legacy and announce the EUR 14.3 billion (approximately DKK 107 billion) acquisition of Schenker. This transaction is larger than all previous DSV acquisitions combined and is a major milestone on our growth journey. By combining two strong companies, we will create a world-leading player in our industry with a strong offering across all three divisions, enabling us to drive organic growth and offer more comprehensive solutions to our customers. We believe that the Schenker business is an excellent commercial and operational fit for all our three divisions. With our organisational setup and new commercial approach, we are in a strong position to support our customers during the integration and to grow the combined business organically. We are excited to welcome approximately 86,600 Schenker employees to the DSV family, and we look forward to getting them onboard. We have received tremendous support from shareholders and bond investors wanting to participate in the financing of the transaction. In October 2024, we successfully raised a combined EUR 10 billion (approximately DKK 75 billion), evenly split between an equity offering and a bond issue. We are grateful and humbled by the trust and support from the market. The acquisition is expected to close in Q2 2025, pending the outstanding regulatory approvals.  As we take the next step on our growth journey, we remain committed to reducing our environmental impact. With the acquisition of Schenker, we will have greater responsibility to address decarbonisation challenges. We acknowledge this responsibility and remain committed to driving sustainable practices and innovations, ensuring that our growth aligns with our net-zero commitment. We saw good sustainability progress during 2024, which was in part driven by our internal Carbon Fee Fund, providing financing for sustainability initiatives. We are also working closely with our customers on supply chain optimisation, and we have integrated a CO2 footprint on customer invoices in all key systems. In 2024, we saw 10.7% reductions in our scope 1 and 2 emissions, with our decarbonisation roadmap for scope 1 and 2 being positioned well for our 2030 targets. Our Scope 3 emissions increased 10.5%, driven by increased activity levels and extended sailing distances due to the Red Sea situation. Beyond our environmental commitments, we have initiated several policies and initiatives, including more ambitious global targets for women in management positions. This signals our commitment to ensuring a strong pipeline of diverse management talent. DSV has always been a people business, and our success is built on the hard work by our approximately 73,000 employees. When combined with Schenker, we will be a leader in the industry with more than twice as many employees. This comes with greater responsibility, and we are mindful of the assignment of providing a safe and inclusive workplace where employees can thrive and develop. As I reflect on my first year as CEO, I am grateful for the ongoing collaboration and support from our customers, partners and other stakeholders. I would especially like to thank my DSV colleagues; your continued hard work and dedication are the driving force behind our strong results and vital for the execution of our strategy. With the initiatives we have taken in 2024, we are creating the future platform for growth.