Over the last 12 months, we have witnessed soft demand and a gradual normalisation of global freight markets. Within this environment, we utilised our flexible business model and our dedicated employees delivered solid financial results. 2023 was also a year when we announced an exclusive logistics joint venture with NEOM Company, fine-tuned our organic growth strategy and developed our decarbonisation roadmap. DSV is in good shape for Jens Lund to succeed as Group CEO and continue to deliver on our long-term ambitions. We delivered a solid set of results in a year where global trade volumes and freight rates were in decline and freight markets highly competitive. Our gross profit for the year amounted to DKK 43,818 million (-13.4%), and our operating profit before special items was DKK 17,723 million (-27.4%), in line with our financial guidance for the year. Our adjusted free cash flow for 2023 totalled DKK 11,471 million (-49.7%) and ROIC 17.8% compared to 25.1% last year. Read more about our Group results on pages 20-23. The decline in earnings was expected after recent years’ extraordinary market conditions. The normalisation had the most significant impact in our Air & Sea division, where a general macroeconomic slowdown and reduction of global inventory impacted activity levels significantly. Across all three divisions we delivered a strong performance. During the year, we have utilised our flexible business model, adjusting capacity when needed, and we maintained our focus on delivering good service and creating value for our customers. We began 2023 under a cloud of uncertainty, amid high inflation and rising interest rates. These macroeconomic factors alongside the normalisation of market conditions had a significant impact on trade volumes. Towards the end of 2023, we saw some improvements in volumes, but a real pick-up in demand did not materialise. Geopolitical conflicts and regional instabilities impacted our operations and added to existing economic uncertainty. The war in Ukraine and subsequent sanctions on Russia continued to exert pressure on trade flows and impact commodity prices. More recently, the Israel – Hamas conflict has led to further regional unrest. And as we write this, recent attacks on commercial ships in the Red Sea continue to disrupt access to the Suez Canal. This has caused new unrest and is a clear reminder that global supply chains are fragile and that we must be flexible and do our part to keep supply chains flowing. Within this ever-evolving and competitive landscape, it is essential that we have a clearly defined strategy to navigate towards future growth. We have built a strong foundation via several acquisitions – and we continue to have appetite for M&A. This goes hand in hand with our focus on organic growth and our aim to increase our market share across our divisions. In 2023, we strengthened our network services for the global air and sea markets as well as the European road market. We are already seeing positive results from these efforts, and we will continue to develop these business areas. Another important component of our growth strategy is a more customer- focused approach. Recent supply chain challenges have reinforced the importance of being able to understand our customers’ industries and address their unique challenges. To this end, we are strengthening our commercial approach with even greater emphasis on industry-specific solutions. It has also been exciting to witness new technologies such as our AI Factory being utilised within our organisation this year. Digitalisation and efficient infrastructure are key enablers for growth in our industry, and we have developed long-term strategies for these areas to support supply chain visibility for our customers and enhance our own productivity. In 2023, we announced a new joint venture with NEOM Company, which is developing the NEOM region in Saudi Arabia. It is a one-of-a-kind project, and our role will be to provide transport and logistics services in the coming years. The NEOM joint venture represents an important strategic growth opportunity for DSV, both in the Middle East and our global network. We are proud of this exclusive agreement and look forward to getting it up and running – which is expected to be in the second quarter of 2024. As a global organisation, we must ensure that consistent human and labour rights protections are in place across all operations. DSV’s policies and values also extend to the NEOM joint venture, which will be operated under the same human rights policy and safe working standards that we have in place across our global network, including our existing subsidiaries in Saudi Arabia. Early in 2023, we updated our 2030 mid-term targets and committed to reaching net-zero carbon emissions across our operations by 2050. In 2023, we developed carbon roadmaps, providing milestones and outlining the main tools, initiatives and technologies required to address our decarbonisation targets. Our roadmaps set a clear framework for each division to align our climate action for scopes 1, 2 & 3. During the year, we supported several new sustainability initiatives through funding from our internal CO2 fee programme and introduced DSV Energy, with the aim of utilising our facility rooftops for renewable energy production. To meet our future targets, we must collaborate with our customers and suppliers. Our Green Logistics services continue to evolve, enabling customers to decarbonise their supply chains and get closer to their emissions targets. We have been on a fantastic journey together since 2008 and would like to take this opportunity to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their support and confidence in DSV during Jens Bjørn’s almost 16 years as Group CEO. We would also like to thank our many dedicated DSV colleagues around the world, who have been and continue to be central to DSV’s growth and success. Whatever the market challenges we will encounter in 2024, we have a strong team and have established a solid foundation for DSV’s continued growth in the coming years.