Despite the disrupting COVID-19 pandemic, 2020 was another strong year for DSV Panalpina. Our staff have delivered an extraordinary effort to keep supply chains flowing and have achieved excellent results. We have now completed the integration of Panalpina and have set new ambitious long-term targets, both for sustainability and financial performance. For the Group, we achieved revenue of DKK 115,932 million (+26.0%), gross profit of DKK 28,534 million (+23.5%) and operating profit before special items of DKK 9,520 million (+47.3%). Adjusted free cash flow came to DKK 8,746 million, and we distributed DKK 5,619 million to shareholders in 2020 via share buybacks and dividend. The DSV Panalpina share price rose 33% in 2020. 2020 was a tough and unpredictable year, and it is a remarkable achievement that the financial results for 2020 are better than we anticipated before COVID-19 hit us. Across all our divisions and markets, we have delivered excellent results and, throughout the year, DSV Panalpina has played an important role in global society; when the world closed due to the pandemic, our employees found transport solutions to securing, e.g., food, household products and personal protection equipment on behalf of our customers. Despite grounded passenger aircrafts and disruption across all transport modes, we managed to keep supply chains flowing. Panalpina successfully integrated In just 15 months, we succeeded in integrating Panalpina, a company half the size of DSV and the biggest acquisition in the history of our company. It takes a lot of effort and attention to carry out a comprehensive integration in such short time, but the good results of joining forces are already showing. The skills, knowledge and capacity that Panalpina has brought to DSV have made us a stronger company and have clearly created value for our shareholders. With the addition of Panalpina, the Group is now among the leading companies in the global transport and logistics industry, but our market share is less than 5% due to a very fragmented industry. Our acquisition ambition therefore remains a core part of our growth strategy along with our ambition to grow organically. In 2020, we announced two smaller bolt-on acquisitions, Prime Cargo and Globeflight, but large acquisitions remain our primary focus. Earlier this year, we unveiled our ambitious targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The combined DSV and Panalpina emissions amounted to 16 million tonnes CO2 in 2019, of which the largest part was related to freight transport. We are committed to the Science Based Targets initiative, which enables us to credibly demonstrate that we do our fair share to pave the road for a greener future. Therefore, by 2030, we must reduce our carbon footprint by at least 30% from a 2019 base year. In 2020, we already saw a reduction; however, this was mainly due to lower volumes following COVID-19. The longterm target can only be achieved if we work closely with our customers and suppliers and form partnerships with different stakeholders in and outside our industry. In 2020, we have partnered with other large companies to develop sustainable fuels, and in the coming years we will increase our focus on developing sustainable logistics services. We went through a challenging 2020 without reducing focus on other corporate responsibility activities. We remain committed to the UN Global Compact, we support the Sustainable Development Goals, and we focus strongly on both business ethics, responsible procurement and, not least, a safe and secure working environment for our employees. The latter has been especially important in 2020, where the safety of employees has been a top priority during the pandemic. In DSV Panalpina, we take part in pushing the industry forward towards a more digitalised future. Technology helps us support our customers effectively and professionally with better products and value-added services. It is also an important tool for our employees in securing our company’s productivity and efficiency. In 2020, we have taken important steps forward in several areas: We have introduced new, advanced track-and-trace services creating visibility in supply chains. We have implemented new robotic storage and retrieval systems in our warehouses that are particularly suited for e-commerce operations. And we have tested our first autonomous drones, which help us manage inventory in warehouses. We met our goals, ahead of schedule, and I am happy that we can now announce a new set of ambitious targets. We are a top performer in our industry, but we see further potential to improve – driven by growth, scale, technology and our strong organisation. By 2025, we target a conversion ratio of 40.0% or higher for the Group (see more details about the targets on page 15). We owe our employees a special thank you for their tireless and impressive effort in very difficult circumstances throughout the year. The COVID-19 crisis has shown us that freight forwarding is still a people’s business, and the results that DSV Panalpina has achieved in 2020 are due to our people. 2021 will be another unpredictable and challenging year, but with our strong and flexible business model and the right people on board, we will make sure to keep our customers’ supply chains flowing.