In a year where global consumers in general remained cautious, Pandora delivered very strong results. We upgraded our guidance three times and closed the year with 13% organic growth and a revenue of DKK 31.7 billion, compared to our latest guidance of DKK 31.0-31.3 billion. While investing in current and future growth, we maintained solid profitability, delivering a 25.2% EBIT margin in line with our guidance, supported by a record-high gross margin of 79.8%. The strong performance in 2024 demonstrates the success of our Phoenix strategy, taking Pandora to new heights. As a unique global player in the accessible jewellery market, Pandora continues to benefit from the shift towards strong brands in a largely fragmented industry, gaining market share in many markets. As one of the world’s most valuable brands, recognised by Interbrand, our efforts to strengthen Pandora’s brand position have been validated on the global stage. The essence of our growth strategy is to leverage our existing infrastructure and shift the perception of Pandora to a full jewellery brand. We invest in brand awareness and desirability, and although the journey has only just begun, we are already seeing a very positive response with increased traffic to our stores and online channels. Our Fuel with more segment grew by 22% in 2024, underscoring our evolution beyond charms and bracelets. With six product platforms aside from our Pandora Moments collection, we are unlocking new growth opportunities alongside further geographical expansion. Our store network remains another important growth lever. We opened 236 net new stores in 2024, contributing 5% incremental growth, and we will continue to expand further through new openings. The rollout of the new store concept continues, supporting the “full jewellery brand” transformation. To support our long-term growth, we have begun the construction of a new USD 150 million (DKK 1.1 billion) crafting facility in Vietnam. Our stateof- the-art crafting facilities have enabled us to achieve notable scale advantages over the past 25 years while ensuring high quality and sustainable production. The facility will boost our crafting capacity by around 50%, create 7,000 jobs and produce up to 60 million pieces of jewellery annually. Sustainability remains a fundamental pillar of the Phoenix strategy. In 2024, we continued progress on our three strategic sustainability priorities: lowcarbon business, circular innovation and inclusive, diverse and fair culture. Decoupling economic growth from environmental impact will not be a linear journey. We have reduced CO2 emissions across our value chain by 17% since 2019, while growing the company by 45%. We aim to cut emissions by 50% by 2030 and reach net zero by 2040. The targets are validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. In August, we achieved a significant milestone in circularity by transitioning all our crafting to 100% recycled silver and gold. Furthermore, our commitment to using only lab-grown diamonds and man-made stones enables us to further reduce our environmental impact and shape the future of sustainable, accessible luxury jewellery. Our dedication to fostering an inclusive, diverse and fair culture remains central to our business. In 2024, we made progress towards achieving gender parity in leadership by 2030, with 35% women at VP-level and above. Through our partnership with UNICEF, we continue to empower children and young people, creating opportunities for future generations. We remain committed to the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and will continue to embed sustainability in our business activities, reflecting our belief that responsible growth is key to long-term success. As we close the year, we thank our customers, shareholders and employees, for their continued trust in Pandora. There are numerous untapped growth opportunities within our existing business model across various geographies, jewellery categories and designs, and we see a bright future for our company and look forward to 2025.