2021 was a landmark year for Pandora. We completed our two-year turnaround, laid out a path for the future with a new growth strategy and ended the year with record-high revenue. We are now ready to write a new chapter in the story of Pandora. In the first chapter of Pandora’s story, our founders introduced our original charms and bracelet concept, Moments, and focused strongly on product and manufacturing capabilities. In the second chapter, Pandora built an extensive and profitable global retail network and became the world’s largest jewellery maker. Towards the end of the second chapter, growth started to decline and in late 2018 we initiated Programme NOW – a comprehensive two-year turnaround programme that has revitalised the brand and fundamentally changed how we operate Pandora. We now have a high-performing online business, our product portfolio is slimmer and more productive, we have increased the use of data and analyses across the business, and our organisation is stronger, flatter and faster. Pandora is now ready to embark on the third chapter: a chapter of growth. Our new Phoenix strategy is designed to drive sustainable top and bottom-line growth by leveraging our key assets: strong brand awareness, a global distribution network and industry-leading manufacturing capabilities. We see significant, untapped growth potential within our core business. We have defined four pillars that will be driving our growth. The pillars are rooted in a deep understanding of who we want to interact with, what matters to them and then developing inspiring solutions for all touchpoints. We have set an ambitious plan for our company. We want Pandora to become the largest and most desirable brand in the affordable jewellery market. And we want to lead on sustainability in our industry to become a low-carbon and circular business that is also inclusive, diverse and fair. We are proud of our achievements in 2021 – not least considering the challenging circumstances during the pandemic – and would like to thank all Pandora’s employees for their commitment. Our combined efforts have changed the company’s course and positioned us well as we enter this new chapter of growth. We would also like to thank our loyal customers and shareholders for their continued trust in Pandora.