For Pandora, 2020 was a paradox. On the one hand, the pandemic forced us to temporarily close most of our stores and revenue declined dramatically. Many commercial plans had to be cancelled or postponed, as focus shifted to protecting customers and employees. On the other hand, 2020 marked a milestone in the company’s turnaround. We are reigniting the desire for Pandora. The positive brand development that started towards the end of 2019 continued, as we cemented our position as a desirable and affordable luxury brand. The strategic initiatives under Programme NOW showed very strong results, and our share price increased 135%. Total shareholder return topped both the Danish C25 and the STOXX 600 Personal & Household Goods indices. We were able to leverage new consumer insights across the business and despite the disruption from COVID-19, our retail operations proved their resilience. This was particularly evident in our online stores. As social distancing put limits on physical retail, and brickand- mortar stores had to close, we were able to recoup a lot of revenue thanks to our significant investments in digital initiatives in recent years. Pandora’s online revenue doubled in 2020. We will continue to invest in our digital capabilities, omnichannel initiatives, and data analytics. These are core elements of the brand’s future, as we aim to stay relevant to different consumer groups while being very competitive in our go-to-market strategies. In 2020, we changed the way Pandora operates. We completed a strategic reorganisation to bring Pandora closer to consumers and ensure more consistent global execution of our product and marketing concepts. The reorganisation has enabled faster decision-making and better collaboration. Our agility and operational excellence during the pandemic are solid evidence of the new organisation. Pandora also made great progress on the sustainability front in 2020. We committed to becoming carbon neutral in our own operations by 2025, reducing emissions in our full value chain in line with the Paris Agreement, and switching to using only recycled silver and gold in our products by 2025. These decisions will greatly benefit the environment and have set a new standard for responsible production in the jewellery industry. We also extended our collaboration with UNICEF after having raised USD 3.4 million for vulnerable children in the first year of the partnership. Some of the funds were directed to COVID-19 relief. We are now preparing a new chapter for Pandora. Programme NOW was launched in late 2018 as a two-year transformation programme with the main objective of halting the decline in revenue. It has changed the company, and the transformation is nearing its completion. We look forward to presenting a new strategy and embarking on the next era for the company – an era of growth – in support of our aim to give a voice to people’s loves. We would like to thank all Pandora’s employees for their commitment, innovation and perseverance during a very challenging year