In a year marked by war, inflation and higher interest rates, Pandora not only showed resilience but strong growth. Despite the headwinds, we upgraded our guidance three times and ended the year with 8% growth and record-breaking revenue of DKK 28.1 billion. In short, the results show that our strategy is working, and that Pandora stands stronger than ever. And based on the results for 2023, we have delivered on the targets which we set at the Capital Markets Day in 2021. Part of our strength comes from the size of our business and integration across the entire value chain. It not only gives us economies of scale, but also helps us generate insights that we can quickly disseminate throughout our business. Over the last few years, we have rebuilt our company with investments in people, a more effective operating model, digitalisation and more. A transformation which has built a platform enabling us to compound solid growth, year after year. Our most important asset is our brand. Pandora’s unique point of difference in people’s minds. Ever since Pandora first came to market, we have been on a mission to democratise jewellery. We are for the many, not the few. This has allowed millions of customers from all corners of the world to express their loves through our hand-finished and accessible jewellery. In contrast to many other jewellery companies, we invite our customers to co-create their brand experience. With Pandora, they can compose a piece of jewellery that holds a personal emotional value to them. This forms a very strong bond with our brand. Owning this space of meaningful jewellery has been the key to our success. But like many other brands that started with an iconic product idea, we have over time broadened our reach. Today, we cover not only charms and carriers but all jewellery categories, and we have set out to transform the customer perception of what Pandora stands for. While keeping sight of our core business, we will establish Pandora as a full jewellery brand in the minds of customers. This will unlock a significantly larger addressable market. At its core, this is the goal of the Phoenix strategy: to make Pandora the largest and most desirable jewellery brand. While brand-building is top of our agenda for the coming years, we will also continue our work on the other pillars of the Phoenix strategy. We have strengthened operations in our core markets, and while we still see growth potential in these markets, we will also expand our focus to include other geographies with strong potential. We are planning a large expansion of Pandora’s store network, and we are rolling out our new store concept, Evoke 2.0 – an important enabler to better present Pandora’s full jewellery portfolio. We will continue to develop our core Pandora Moments business while extending our assortment with new collections like Pandora Lab-Grown Diamonds to reach more customers. We will also continue to leverage our vast access to data as an impactful competitive advantage. We will do all this while maintaining our leadership in sustainability. We have just reached a major milestone for circular design by completing our transition to source only recycled silver and gold for all our jewellery. An accomplishment no other large jewellery brand has achieved. We are reducing carbon emissions ahead of the Paris Agreement timeline, and we are well on track towards our diversity and inclusion targets. Strong results are not only about what we achieve, but how we get there as a workplace. Our unique community of 33,000 employees constitute the core of our business and our brand. This is why we regularly ask employees for their feedback and in 2023 we achieved an employee Net Promoter Score of 60, placing us in the top 5% of the global consumer sector. Efforts that were also recognised as we were named by TIME Magazine as one of the world’s best companies measured on employee satisfaction, revenue growth and sustainability. When looking ahead, there is good reason for optimism. Our strategy is working, and we see significant opportunities for value creation. We wish to thank our employees, customers and shareholders for a great year.