Pandora launched the Phoenix strategy nearly two years ago – a strategy designed to drive sustainable growth by leveraging our key assets: strong brand awareness, a global distribution network and industry-leading manufacturing capabilities. Since then, we have been executing exceptionally well on our strategic priorities, and in 2022 we saw the potential of Phoenix begin to unfold. Despite the significant disruptions from war, inflation and the pandemic, we met our guidance from the beginning of the year, delivering record-high revenue for four consecutive quarters and growth in most key markets. These results show the strength and resilience of Pandora’s business model. Our brand awareness remains unrivalled, and Pandora Moments, the core of our business, continues to resonate with thousands of consumers every day. We also launched new platforms, like Diamonds by Pandora, and exciting collaborations like Keith Haring and Marvel. We are also progressing on our digital transformation. We are increasingly able to personalise our marketing communications based on our strong customer data. We are also upgrading our digital infrastructure, which will improve the customer experience across all touchpoints. We wish to lead the way on sustainability and are rethinking how jewellery is designed and produced with the planet and its people in mind. In 2022, we made important progress on our ambition to become a low-carbon, circular, and inclusive, diverse and fair business. Our North America launch of Diamonds by Pandora - lab-created diamonds that are grown, cut and polished using 100% renewable energy and set in 100% recycled silver and gold - was a significant milestone that points to the future of luxury. We are proud that our efforts are noted, and in 2022 we were one of a small number of global companies to achieve an ‘A’ score from the leading climate organisation, CDP, for our climate action. Pandora reacted quickly to the war in Ukraine, stopping all business with Russia and Belarus in February 2022. Pandora was also the first corporate partner to answer UNICEF’s call for support for its Ukraine response with a swift donation of USD 1 million. Since 2019, Pandora has donated a total of USD 10 million towards UNICEF through donations and special jewellery collections. Looking ahead, we see significant growth opportunities both in mature and less-developed markets. Continuing to deliver on our Phoenix strategy, we will protect profitability while investing for growth through network expansion and other initiatives. We will also keep progressing towards our ambitious sustainability targets. Our 2022 results have been achieved thanks to the extraordinary commitment of our colleagues around the world in what has been a very demanding year. We have captured this spirit in our new global employer brand, Craft the Incredible, which helps us attract top talent and build a great workplace. This was reflected in our employee surveys, which showed very high engagement levels, placing us in the top 5% of benchmark companies worldwide. On behalf of the Board and the Executive Leadership Team, we extend our sincere gratitude and thanks to employees, customers and shareholders for their continued trust in Pandora.