Dear stakeholders, exiting 2021, as the pandemic was receding we could have been excused for assuming that the most turbulent times were behind us. The early part of 2022 has brought back the harsh reality that our surroundings are unstable, change is a constant, and uncertainty unavoidable. With the outbreak of war in Europe and a stifling inflation, last year seems so far away already that pausing on it in an annual report feels slightly futile. However, reflecting on the past may still provide some guidance for us in the present. In many ways 2021 was a year of two halves. Navigating through the early part of the year proved demanding with our primary markets still heavily affected by restrictions in the wake of the Corona pandemic. While part of our business was impacted significantly by temporary store closures and colleagues being sent home during winter and early spring – BR, Salling Department stores, malls, Starbucks, Carl’s Jr. – other parts benefitted positively from lockdown – føtex, Bilka, Netto and online banners – as customer behaviour continued to change following COVID-19. Combined, these developments resulted in highly fluctuating sales and shifting footfall throughout the first half of the year. While the second half of the year may have seemed more stable, it proved highly challenging to repeat the performance of the previous year as customers resumed pre-Corona shopping preferences until COVID-19 restrictions once again affected the markets in the closing month of the year, turning retail upside down yet again. With these events defining the year, I am satisfied that Salling Group delivered a revenue of DKK 66 billion in 2021 with an EBIT of DKK 3 billion, and an EBITDA of DKK 5 billion for the first time. On the back of the momentum gained in previous years, Salling Group continues to be well positioned for the future following a strong 2021. I would like to extend a sincere thank you to our teams in stores, warehouses and back office functions who worked tirelessly through constant change and a severely challenged supply chain, ensuring distribution and delivering first class service to our customers every single day while keeping our strategy firmly on track. Even though government closure of department stores, malls, restaurants and pure nonfood stores was lifted in early spring, Salling Group chose a cautious approach to welcoming back customers and colleagues, continuing to enforce a number of voluntary and mandatory precautions to protect them from the spread of the Corona virus. As more than 2,000 employees who had been sent home from their regular workplaces returned to the reopened stores, they persisted in wearing face masks or visors, followed regular routines for hand sanitation and hand washing and took part in the increased cleaning procedures in all stores while a number of them were deployed as special service staff helping customers to maintain safe distancing throughout the shopping trip and comply with all safety recommendations. Salling Group retained safe distance markings on the shop floors, screens upholding physical distance between employees at tills and customers and separation at the end of the checkout line to ensure safety of customers when packing their goods. Signs in stores informing about hygiene precautions were present throughout the year as the availability of hand sanitation at all entrances and exits was maintained. Together with the national authorities Salling Group took several initiatives to increase the level of vaccination to help battle the spread of COVID-19, making it highly accessible for staff to get vaccinated at or close to their workplace. In September 2021, Salling Group increased collaboration with health authorities and made space in Bilka hypermarkets across Denmark to allow medical staff to vaccinate customers who wished to receive a first shot or a second boost. Salling Group continues to conduct close dialogue with authorities on how to play an active part in battling the pandemic. Running a financially sustainable and resilient business remains our number one priority as we believe that a financially robust business is a prerequisite for backing our ambitions within climate change, health and responsible procurement. Without the ability to actually invest in improving the world around you, your ambitions remain thoughtful intentions. At Salling Group, sound business goes hand in hand with our promise to help impact the planet positively. In 2021 we launched our climate ambition, intensifying our investment and commitment to battle climate change by setting targets covering all our activities both upstream and downstream across scopes 1, 2 and 3. We expect our targets to be approved by Science Based Targets initiative in 2022, and we will commit to net zero emissions in our full value chain by 2050 by reducing own emissions, helping customers, engaging employees and committing suppliers to reduce emissions. Our aim is to contribute to the common ambition to limit the global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees by living up to the Paris Agreement. Last year Salling Group committed itself to the Science Based Targets initiative, SBTi, and at the same time entered into partnership with the Carbon Disclosure Project, who will assist us in keeping track of our supplier engagement. In early 2022, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we decided to accelerate our energy transition, speeding up our investments in shifting from oil and gas to renewable sources and limiting our energy consumption. A total of DKK 2.5 billion will be invested in the transition until 2028. For several years now Salling Group has advocated for climate labelling of food in retail and in 2021 we took the step to test climate labelling and customer climate guidance in Netto Denmark. Having already sponsored the climate database by the green think tank CONCITO through the Salling Foundations, the purpose of the test in Netto stores was to collect data on potential changes in customer behaviour and share it with politicians, customers and colleagues in retail as authorities continue to work on a sector wide model for labelling. Following a six month trial the test showed encouraging results as sales of climate burdensome goods such as beef, cold cuts and avocado were down between 4 and 6% while fruit and vegetable sales in general went up. Before the test 47% of the interviewed customers felt they lacked information regarding climate friendly food shopping, 86% favoured the idea of general climate labelling while 98% received the tested solution favourably. Salling Group will maintain our push for climate labelling covering the whole industry and continue to play an active part in developing shared solutions through close collaboration and partnerships with our customers, employees, suppliers, partners and authorities. Last year Salling Group delivered on several key components of our strategy, not least within food online and the expansion of our presence in the Polish market through Netto. In March 2021, Salling Group received approval from the Polish competition authorities on a deal with UK retailer Tesco to acquire 2 distribution centres and 301 stores, with formal closing of the deal conducted shortly hereafter. The deal constitutes a cornerstone in the ambition to become the fastest growing discounter in Poland and achieve a Top 5 position in the Polish market. In all, 189 of the acquired stores were transformed in accordance with the modernised Netto 3.0 concept while 11 completely new Netto stores opened in Poland, adding a total of 200 stores to our discount banner. The conversion rate has required an enormous effort internally and I congratulate my colleagues across the organisation for their massive role in a groundbreaking year for our Polish business. The last Tesco store was closed in October and I would like to take this opportunity to highlight the professionalism of the former Tesco-employees in handling the transition while I thank them for their contribution as well. The roll out continues in 2022 when Salling Group expects to add another 101 stores to the Polish Netto store portfolio. 2021 also saw Salling Group increase its presence and market share within food online in Denmark significantly with the launch of føtex Home Delivery and the continued expansion of Bilka ToGo through increased capacity in hyper markets and the introduction of 6 pick up stations across the country. føtex Home Delivery rapidly established itself as a factor in the market, differentiating itself with a customer offer based on access to the same low, leaflet prices as in føtex’ physical stores, an increased online assortment, distribution by chilled delivery vans and not least service personnel from føtex delivering the groceries at customers’ door step. At the end of the year, føtex Home Delivery covered Zealand with further expansion planned over the coming years. Salling Group continued to invest significantly in our strong foundation with the roll out of the Netto 3.0 concept in both Denmark and Germany now encompassing 40% of the store portfolio. In both markets Netto won market share throughout 2021, with Netto being the only discounter in Germany who was able to achieve this. BR sustained its development through the introduction of new playful store universes while Bilka and føtex both picked up market share, føtex furthermore introducing its new and focused strategy. The roll out of the Salling private label continued and the own brand now covers more than 2,000 products across føtex and Bilka. Several ambitious initiatives were undertaken in Supply Chain & Logistics with the insourcing of all bread deliveries in Denmark, the integration of two warehouses in Poland, the roll out of a new inventory management system in Germany and one of the Group’s largest ever investments in the expansion and modernisation of the fully automated Netto warehouse in Eastern Denmark, supplying around 300 stores on a daily basis. Looking back at 2021 it is particularly pleasing that Salling Group was able to execute on a number of important strategic priorities that will shape the Group in the future while simultaneously harnessing the foundation of the Group further and delivering solid results. We have used our ability to run a sound business to take greater responsibility for the world around us and have made it possible for our owners, the Salling Foundations, to continue their donations to cultural, charitable, educational and research activities. We fully acknowledge that we have an opportunity and an obligation to reach out and assist our stakeholders where possible and we will continue to do so in the future. The true measure of our development going forward will not be to just build on our financial performance but to act unselfishly in accordance with our values to the greater good of the surrounding communities. This is an ambition shared by all employees in Salling Group and while I thank and congratulate everyone involved with Salling Group for a strong effort in a challenging year, I also challenge all of us to maintain the positive development of the company and to further build on the position we have in people’s everyday lives.