With 2020 proving to be a year of unprecedented events, I am proud to say that Salling Group rose to the challenge. We are, however, mindful that the historical results were helped by a significant change in customer behavior caused by COVID-19 and that we are in one of the few industries that benefitted from the crisis. Last year we delivered a record revenue of DKK 60.9 bn with an EBIT of 2.8 bn and a ROIC of 14.3%. I would like to start out by extending a sincere thank you to our teams out in stores and in warehouses who worked through very challenging conditions during 2020. The real risk of the COVID-19 virus was not fully known at the beginning of the pandemic and still our teams who were most exposed continued to deliver first-class service to our customers every single day. This has impressed me greatly and I am happy to report that absence rates remained low during 2020 with only few of our colleagues being infected with COVID-19. Looking back at 2020 I am particularly pleased with the fact that we managed to decide on a number of important strategic priorities that will shape the Group for the future. Adding to the company’s strong foundation we will seek to further strengthen the business on the back of the momentum gained in 2020 as Salling Group is well positioned to continue to lead in times of uncertainty. Little did we know when entering 2020 that many aspects of everyday life would be turned upside down in a matter of weeks in the beginning of the year. As events have shown since, business as usual did not reoccur in 2020. As an early precaution, and as part of temporary store closures, a total of approximately 1,900 employees were sent home from stores in the spring due to government closure of department stores, restaurants and pure nonfood stores. Apart from assuming responsibility for customers and colleagues we acknowledge that as Denmark’s largest retailer we have an opportunity and an obligation to assist our partners and benefit our surroundings where possible. At a time when we were still not able to foresee the impact of COVID-19 on our business, Salling Group declined the opportunity to apply for public financial aid packages as the first private company in Denmark. However, we felt at that point – as we still do – that other sectors would struggle more and that other businesses would require a helping hand more so than Salling Group. I am pleased that we were able to help small suppliers through immediate payment of invoices totaling DKK 500 million during spring, summer and again in December when a new lockdown was announced. Our unique ownership structure allows us to make decisions that other companies may not have the same opportunities to make. We acknowledge that with this privilege comes great responsibility. In 2020 we achieved significant progress within all three pillars of our overarching corporate strategy as we have delivered in accordance with the strategic direction we have set for the business. With the announcement in June 2020 of the intended acquisition of UK retailer Tesco’s Polish business, we reached a landmark in our ambition to become an important retailer in the Polish market. With the deal, which was completed on 16 March 2021, Salling Group went a long way to consolidating Netto’s presence in a growing market as we acquired 301 stores and two distribution centers as part of the deal. Following the lockdown and the restrictions in the wake of COVID-19, consumer behavior has undergone rapid change as online food sales reached record levels in the market. As a consequence of customers switching to online food purchases, Salling Group moved forward the plans to launch home delivery as we announced in August that we would initiate a rollout of delivery to customers’ front door in 2021. We expect to invest heavily in our online and digital activities over the next years as home delivery adds to an already increasing online footprint within our food sales. In 2020 our food click & collect solution in our hypermarkets increased dramatically, reaching double-digit percentages of all food sales in Bilka. The launch of loyalty apps across our Danish formats saw our customer program encompass over 1 million customers in Denmark alone, helping us provide customers with even more value in their everyday life with personalised offers and enhanced ease of shopping. Significant effort and investment has gone into strengthening the core of the business in 2020. Work has begun on a DKK 300 million extension and modernisation of our Netto Denmark main warehouse. By developing and rolling out a proven BR concept we have succeeded in creating a world class toy universe, adding four updated toy stores along the way. Simultaneously, refurbishments of our store portfolio continued across formats and countries, among others with the Netto 3.0 concept extended throughout Poland, Germany and Denmark with Netto Denmark having remodeled, rebuilt or renovated 1/3 of its 530 stores by the end of 2020. In December we opened the first Netto concept store in Horsens, Denmark, with focus on sustainability and improved customer experience. Netto Denmark added a further 250 products to its range in 2020 while a new private label “Salling” was rolled out across Bilka and føtex. Substituting a variety of previous brands, the Salling brand will encompass more than 6,000 different products when fully implemented across Bilka and føtex. The progress on the transformation continues on track with a consolidation of the portfolio following the divestment of Netto Sweden in 2019 and subsequent acquisition of Tesco Poland. 2020 has seen a further strengthening of the leadership teams in Netto Poland and Netto Germany and across the business leadership teams are now in place to complement and steer a lean, efficient and robust organisation ready to withstand the challenges ahead. The Polish and German conversion of stores has been very well received with a significant improvement in our image in Germany and a satisfactory gain in market share within discount. The continued development within online channels and digital has been accelerated to accommodate customer needs advanced by COVID-19. Running a financially sustainable and resilient business has always been our number one priority as we believe that a financially robust business goes hand in hand with a sustainable approach to our activities. Without resources to back our ambitions within food waste, climate change, health, and responsible procurement they remain intentions that are not propelled forward. Our way is one of backing our goals financially and delivering on our ambitious targets even when it impacts the profitability of our business. No business anywhere in the world is able to solve the complex challenges facing our planet by itself. This is true of Salling Group as well, as we share the responsibility with our stakeholders with whom we have succeeded in forging even closer bonds in 2020. Going forward we will continue to strive to make an impact in our local communities and wherever our footprint is visible throughout our value chain. We will continue to take an active role in overcoming the challenges facing the world today. Not by ourselves, but in close collaboration and partnership with our customers, employees, suppliers, and partners. As we look onward from 2020, it is safe to say that Salling Group is ready for the next phase. Financial results from the past year may prove difficult to replicate, yet we expect to continue to deliver results which allow us to reinvest in our business. With the great support of our owners, the Salling Foundations, we will continue to invest in improving everyday life for our customers, to develop our business, and to continue to play a key part in our local communities not least through the Salling Foundations. While the acquisition of Tesco Poland and our substantial investment in food online may prove to be the most significant strategic steps taken in 2020, what I have been most proud of, however, is the way the organisation has risen to the challenge of the pandemic. It has required a tremendous effort by all colleagues across the business, working under very difficult circumstances and proving again and again throughout 2020 that they act and execute in accordance with our values. In the leadership team it gives us great joy to witness how the esteem of our colleagues in the front line has grown in the wake of COVID-19.