Dear all, 2023 turned out to be another exciting year in Salling Group. Conditions across our markets in Denmark, Germany and Poland were heavily influenced by the high level of inflation which impacted consumer sentiment and shopping habits. Customers were quick to navigate around the increasing prices by going for more promotions, private label and discount. In the beginning of the year, the high energy prices were still a significant concern for both customers and our business, but during 2023 we saw prices stabilise at a lower level, causing a drop in inflation and making it easier for retailers to operate at a profitable level. Our financials recovered somewhat in 2023 on the back of a challenging 2022. We delivered a total revenue of DKK 70.3 billion (DKK 66.5 billion in 2022) equal to 5.7% growth. EBIT was reported at DKK 2.4 billion (DKK 1.9 billion in 2022) equal to an improvement of DKK 0.5 billion. Our EBIT-% improved to 3.4% from 2.9% in 2022 and while we are satisfied with this improvement it still falls short of our strategic goal of 4.0%. Cash flow from operations was DKK 3.2 billion compared to DKK -0.6 billion in 2022. In Salling Group we continuously aim to address the most pressing challenges for our customers. When suppliers did not reduce prices even though raw materials and energy prices dropped, we decided to act on our own and make a serious initiative to fight inflation on behalf of our customers. In September, we launched “Priskrig” in Denmark where we lowered the prices on more than 100 popular items in føtex, Netto and Bilka, while guaranteeing lowest prices in our stores. This was a completely new initiative which we have not seen introduced anywhere else in Europe. Our competitors followed our price drops on most items every week, and after 15 weeks the total value of the “Priskrig” basket dropped 17%, eliminating two years of inflation. The investment in lowering the prices was taken from our profit to benefit our customers. We are proud of this initiative and will continue to fight for lower prices. Lower prices however, cannot stand alone. In 2023, we invested heavily in extending the assortment in two Bilka test stores and introduced new items in world food, health and sport, pet food, home and small domestic appliances. We remain committed to combining the most attractive prices and most inspiring assortment across all our formats. In Poland, our expansion continued with new stores and a move of our head office from Szczecin to Warsaw. Our new country manager in Netto Poland, Brian Nyeng Olesen, is working with his team to customise our commercial offer to best fit the needs and desires of the Polish consumers. I am pleased with the focus in our Polish organisation as more and more customers are finding their way to a Netto store. We continue to invest heavily in further expanding our Polish business and have ambitious plans for the coming years. In Germany, we completed the move of our head office from Stavenhagen to Berlin, allowing us to better recruit talents to drive the business forward. In Germany too, inflation boosted the discount segment where Netto is trading. We are proud of our regional position in Germany and continue to invest in providing the best shopping experience for our German customers. On a personal level, I was proud to be appointed new CEO of Salling Group on 1 July 2023. I step into this role as only the 5th CEO in our 117 year history, highlighting the remarkable stability and legacy of our company. While our company has great momentum and produces strong results, we decided during the autumn to launch our new corporate priorities, dubbed the 5K’s from the Danish words: Kunder (customers), Kolleger (colleagues), Kønsdiversitet (gender diversity), Kultur (culture) and Klima (climate). In parallel, we initiated a strategic review in the autumn of 2023, laying the tracks for our new corporate five year business plan. This work is still ongoing and we look forward to sharing more with our organisation during 2024. The potential of our company is immense, and we have a great responsibility to make sure we set the right direction for the years ahead. In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues across offices, stores and distribution centres for an excellent effort during 2023. I am so proud to be working with such a dedicated team fighting every day to give our customers a good and inspiring shopping trip. Our core purpose remains the same – to Improve Everyday Life – and this continues to steer our efforts across the organisation. I am proud that once again I can write to you about a very successful year. Despite externally imposed difficult circumstances Salling Group performed very well in 2023. We grew our revenues by 5.7% to DKK 70.3 billion and improved our EBIT with DKK 0.5 billion to DKK 2.4 billion. Even more important we generated a cash flow from operations of DKK 3.2 billion compared to DKK -0.6 billion in 2022. These are very impressive numbers and a proof that we have an excellent management team and dedicated employees. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all of you in the Salling Group family for your great contribution. I always sense a distinct spirit and a very high energy level when I visit our stores, warehouses and offices. A special thank you goes to Per Bank who after 11 years left our family to become the CEO at Loblaw in Canada. Per did a great job for us and we see it as a great honour that he qualified to be picked as the new CEO of such a large company. We wish him all the best for his new adventure and I am sure we will continue to see him from time to time. Once a Salling Group family member, always a Salling Group family member. We were very proud to have a successor in our own ranks. Anders Hagh took over the CEO role on 1 July 2023 and has since then also done an excellent job. Anders served as our CFO for 8 years and has been very instrumental in our Group’s success. Ever since Anders took over the CEO role he has been very visible and hands on in the organisation. He has worked very hard on both the short-term operational issues, but also started the work on the long-term strategy for our company. Short-term we need to continue to improve our business in all our formats in Denmark. Here, in our home market, we are very efficient in the way we operate, but we need to make sure we can serve and attract the customers even better and create organic growth for the future. In Poland, we need to continue to be more “Polish,” attract more customers and make sure we create profitable growth. In Germany, we will continue to invest in our more regional concept and make a better shopping experience for the German customers. Our new and very modern head office in Berlin will also allow us to recruit a lot of new and talented people. I am very proud to be the chairman of Salling Group. We have an owner, the Salling Foundations, that only think long-term and allow us to invest in the future. We have a very committed Supervisory Board consisting of competent external members and three very skilled and motivated employee representatives. We have an excellent Group Leadership Team that informs us in a regular and structured manner and is open to discuss and brainstorm about all relevant issues. Last but not least, we have the best employees who in all functions contribute to the success and to the future of Salling Group. Salling Group is here to serve our employees, our customers, and the communities we are part of. We will continue to invest in our formats, our people and our infrastructure and always with sustainability in mind. On behalf of the Supervisory Board, I wish you all a healthy, successful and fun 2024.