Dear stakeholders, to our founder Herman Salling, earning customers’ faith was at the heart of everything he did. He never took their trust for granted and he understood that you have to serve your customers by truly adding value to their everyday lives. If there ever was a year where this wisdom rang true, 2022 was that year. Following a pair of turbulent years during the COVID pandemic, 2022 turned out even more unpredictable and challenging. The outbreak of war in Europe, soaring energy costs and alarming inflation brought about a steep, rapid drop in consumer confidence and the most profound changes in customer behaviour for decades. Across households, available funds came under severe pressure and consumers looked to retailers for help to get through financially hard times. We have aimed to address the challenge short term by absorbing increase in cost rather than passing it on, by freezing prices for customers and by testing a brand new discount format. Long term we have accelerated our investments in renewable energy sources to reduce dependency on suppliers of fossil fuels and to limit the risk of severely fluctuating energy prices going forward. None of this would have been possible without strong collaboration with suppliers and partners. Most of all, it would not have materialised without the tremendous effort delivered by our colleagues. We would like to extend a sincere thank you to our teams in stores, warehouses and back office functions who worked tirelessly to provide security and stability for our customers throughout the year. In 2022 Salling Group delivered a revenue of DKK 66.5 billion with an EBIT of DKK 1.9 billion, and an EBITDA of DKK 4.3 billion. Profit for the year was DKK 1.0 billion. However, despite highly challenging conditions for consumers and retailers across Europe throughout 2022, Salling Group delivered a satisfactory result. New EU legislation and subsequent Danish over-implementation of the UTP protocol in 2022 resulted in a negative impact on cash flow of more than DKK 3 billion. Paired with a continued high investment level, not least in the Polish market where Salling Group completed the conversion from Tesco to Netto, these factors combined to create an overall negative cash flow for the year. Effects from currency exposures were minor, but the strong US Dollar resulted in higher non-food prices on products sourced from the Far East. Increase in electricity prices provided the single largest cost increase in 2022. With a monthly consumption of approximately 40 million kilowatt-hours across markets, energy costs rose by more than DKK 0.5 billion. Despite earnings being under pressure, we remain fully committed to our short, medium and long term sustainability ambitions as we intend to act according to our pledges to stakeholders and to stay true to our own expectations. In 2022, we initiated the massive investment of DKK 2.4 billion in restructuring our energy consumption and accelerating our road map towards renewable energy. Having adapted even further to challenging market conditions, we will remain as ambitious in our CAPEX spending next year, ensuring that our strategy remains completely on track despite a continued difficult environment for customers and retailers. While 2022 in retailing will be remembered for high inflation rates, the first wave was already visible in the 4th quarter of 2021 at around 3%. Simultaneously freight rates increased significantly as a result of an imbalance in the transport system and the last major waves of COVID. Immediately following the Russian invasion in Ukraine on 24 February 2022, we deemed it necessary to impose restrictions on several everyday items, such as sunflower oil as prices more than doubled, customers started hoarding and supply became scarce. On other commodities with short term contracts like milk and sugar, price increases from suppliers immediately followed. Shortage in supply and changes in global demand meant the price on items such as beef and pork rose to record high levels. Food inflation has continued to rise every single month in 2022 reaching a level of almost 16% in Denmark, and 25% in Poland at the end of the year. In Denmark, the total food market grew by only 5% despite the high inflation level, due to changes in consumer patterns. 2022 has seen an unprecedented change in behaviour as customers have become more value-seeking to mitigate the inflation by shifting their shopping destination towards discount, increasing the promotion share of the basket and switching to private label. In this environment one of our most important priorities has been to help our customers get more value for money. Early in the Spring we introduced a price cap on more than 300 everyday items in both Denmark, Germany and Poland. The customer promise was extended for the duration of 2022 thus eliminating further price increases on specific products such as milk, flour, bread, coffee, fruit and vegetables and other frequently purchased goods to provide shoppers relief as household budgets came under pressure. For a number of years Salling Group has focused intensively on widening and strengthening our private label assortment across banners. During 2022 we were able to boost the Salling master brand significantly with many new items in our mid- and high-tier range introducing more than 400 private label SKUs as part of the Princip top-tier range. On health products, Salling Group has extended the private label range by another 400 SKUs, offering several additional products within lactose and gluten free and low calorie to present customers with even more choice. In the Autumn, we launched the discount banner BASALT in Denmark, testing the new format at 10 different locations at year’s end. With no chillers, significantly reduced range, low energy costs and high volumes, the low maintenance format delivers savings of approximately 15–25% versus other discount formats. On the back of launching our climate ambition, in 2022 we intensified our investment and commitment to battle climate change assuming responsibility across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 as we strive to contribute to limiting the global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees by living up to the Paris Agreement. Our commitment to net zero carbon emissions in our full value chain by 2050 was documented in our application to the Science Based Targets initiative, SBTi, in 2022. We remain as committed as ever to reduce our own emissions, help customers, engage employees and commit suppliers to emissions reduction. Through our partnership with the Carbon Disclosure Project, we have intensified supplier engagement, entering into dialogue with our 140 main suppliers across categories. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we accelerated our energy transition by launching an investment programme of DKK 2.4 billion over 5 years in the transition from oil and gas to renewable sources and limiting our energy consumption. Over the next three years, Salling Group will remove gas boilers from 750 stores in Denmark, Germany and Poland and replace them with electric heat pumps. 725 stores will install new energy-efficient refrigerators, and all coolers and freezers will be equipped with glass doors. Parallel to this, we plan to install solar panels on the roofs of our stores, warehouses and office buildings. Within days of the invasion of Ukraine, Salling Group became the first retailer in Europe to remove all Russian products. Salling Group and DanChurchAid initiated fund raising activities to aid the victims of the invasion. At the same time, Netto Poland collaborated with local aid organisations and introduced price reductions on the most purchased basic groceries in stores close to the Ukrainian border to help refugees. With more than 10 million weekly shopping trips in Salling Group, many people rely on us on a daily basis to make the right choices. Our main focus areas within responsibility remain Climate and Health, and we will continue our efforts to make a difference within these areas. While navigating challenging macroeconomic developments and steering through volatile conditions, we have remained on course to fulfil our long term ambitions. A cornerstone in our strategy is the expansion in the Polish market, where focus has shifted from conversion of stores to growing and optimising sales. Across Germany, Denmark and Poland the roll-out of our modernised Netto 3.0 continues. The decision to relocate our head offices in Germany and Poland to Berlin and Warsaw respectively will improve our ability to attract talent and strengthen our competitiveness. Several other substantial investments were completed in 2022, including the large extension of our Netto distribution centre. We will maintain our pursuit of new business opportunities in the years to come while we continue to invest in and strengthen our core. Though market conditions with sustained inflation may be bleak and energy prices will remain high and volatile, we are fully convinced that we will be able to take further responsibility in 2023 and provide more value to our customers. In the current climate of uncertainty we will find even greater inspiration in the insight of our founder as we remain fully committed to improving everyday life for everyone connected with our business.