Never before has the world’s climate challenges been greater and the message from science clearer: As a global community, we need to act now to preserve our planet. In its recent report, the IPCC concluded that climate change is already happening, and that we will see significantly higher global temperature increases than the 1.5 °C threshold defined by science, unless we take profound action, both in the short and long term. With more than 70 % of the world’s carbon emissions coming from the production and use of energy, the transition to a sustainable energy system is at the core of combatting climate change. Over the past decade, renewable energy has been substantially industrialised, and today, renewable energy is the main energy technology being deployed. In 2020, more than 75 % of all new power generation capacity commissioned globally came from renewables, up from 26 % just a decade ago (BNEF). The need to fight climate change by transforming our global energy systems will require a massive renewable build-out: Estimates by IRENA suggest that the renewable installed base, including hydroelectric, geothermal, and marine energy, will have to grow more than tenfold, from 2,500 GW today to more than 28,000 GW by 2050.With more than 30 years of experience in renewables and as one of the five largest renewable energy companies in the world and the undisputed leader in offshore wind, we want to play our part in realising this massive build-out over the coming decades to help solve the greatest challenge facing humanity. At our Capital Markets Day in June, we presented our strategic aspiration to become the world’s leading green energy major by 2030. We will accelerate our global buildout of renewable energy, and we have set an ambition to reach approx. 50 GW of installed renewable capacity by 2030, up from 13.0 GW by the end of 2021. To support this ambitious build-out, we have a clear strategic direction: We want to develop Ørsted across three core technologies, which we believe will all play a key role in the future energy systems: offshore wind, onshore renewables (wind, solar PV, and storage), and renewable hydrogen and green fuels. By combining these technologies, we can offer our customers fully integrated multiproduct renewable solutions, including longterm power purchase agreements.In many ways, the past year has been extraordinary with various external factors impacting the markets where we operate. In particular, the weather had an adverse impact on our business in 2021. During most of the year, we experienced significantly lower wind speeds than normal, especially in northwestern Europe where we have most of our operating offshore portfolio. And in February, Texas was subject to an unprecedented winter storm, which not only challenged our business, but all communities affected. The cold weather was accompanied by surging power prices as conventional and renewable capacity across the state failed under the tough conditions. The European energy crunch in the last part of the year with extremely high and volatile gas and power prices was also partly caused by weather conditions, as the cold winter in the beginning of 2021 led to low levels of gas at storage, which, together with low wind and precipitation and increasing demand for power and gas, caused supply challenges. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to affect societies and businesses globally and led to economic uncertainty and an increase in interest and inflation rate levels, including for steel which is an important component of wind farms.We successfully navigated the challenges during the year, and we have achieved significant results in 2021, both strategically, operationally, and financially. We secured 4.5 GW of offshore wind capacity in tenders and auctions, corresponding to 25 % of the total awarded capacity in 2021 and 50 % above our strategic ambition of adding 3 GW offshore wind per year. This proves our ability to differentiate and compete in offshore wind despite increasing price competition. In the US, we have been awarded 1,148 MW in New Jersey for our Ocean Wind 2 project and 846 MW in Maryland for our Skipjack 2 project. In Poland, we were awarded 2,543 MW for our Baltica 2 & 3 projects together with our partner PGE. In Onshore, we added 1.2 GW of firm capacity through organic growth and acquisitions in Europe and the US, and we installed our 1,000th onshore wind turbine in 2021. These very strong contributions increased our firm capacity to 26.1 GW by the end of 2021 from 20.4 GW at the end of 2020; and keeps us well on track to deliver on our 2030 ambition of 50 GW renewable capacity. The year 2021 was also a year where we signed and closed key partnerships for our offshore wind farms, including key partners such as Norges Bank Investment Management (Borssele 1 & 2), CDPQ and Cathay Private Equity (Greater Changhua 1), and New Jersey’s Public Service Enterprise Group (Ocean Wind 1). Furthermore, we signed a partnership with Glennmont Partners (Borkum Riffgrund 3). This agreement was special as it was the firstever farm-down signed prior to final investment decision (FID). All these partnerships are a strong testament to the attractiveness of our offshore assets. In Germany, we took FID on our originally fully merchant Borkum Riffgrund 3 project and the Gode Wind 3 project. Besides the pre-FID farmdown, the Borkum Riffgrund 3 FID was enabled by major CPPAs, including with REWE Group, Amazon, and BASF. The two projects expand our German portfolio to six wind farms and will help Germany reach climate neutrality by 2045.In the US, we continue to see strong development and progress being made in maturing our industry-leading 5 GW development pipeline of projects, with the first FIDs expected in 2022 and 2023. Our first projects, that have been exposed to the federal permitting delays, carry costs related to developing a local supply chain which, together with current cost inflation, are impacting the value creation. We continue pursuing all technical, commercial, and regulatory levers at our disposal to improve returns on these projects, in the same way as we always do. The continuous fast progress of the federal permitting processes as well as the proposed clean-energy tax policies being considered in Congress are important supportive factors, not only for our projects, but for the accelerated build-out of offshore wind in the US in general. During the year, we have also entered into several key strategic partnerships. In the Baltics, we will work with Enefit to contribute to the region’s green ambitions. In Vietnam, we entered into a strategic collaboration with T&T, in Korea with POSCO, KOMIPO, and KOSPO, and in Japan with Japan Wind Development Co. (JWD) and Eurus Energy. We have also taken steps to drive the commercialisation of floating offshore wind by partnering with Fred. Olsen Renewables and Hafslund Eco in Norway and by entering into a joint venture with BlueFloat Energy and Falck Renewables in Scotland. In January 2022, we were awarded a 1 GW floating offshore wind site off the northeast coast of Scotland. By securing this seabed lease area, we are confirming our ambitions in floating offshore wind. In Onshore, we expanded our onshore platform to Europe with the strategic acquisition of Brookfield Renewable Ireland (BRI), contributing with a portfolio of development projects and providing a springboard for further expansion in Europe. Besides this, we finalised the acquisition of Lincoln Land, a 302 MW project in Illinois, which marks our entry into the attractive MISO energy market in the US Midwest. We also took investment decisions on Helena Energy Center, Lisheen 3, and Ballykeel (in 2022), totalling more than 560 MW. In our renewable hydrogen and green fuels business, we also saw strong progress. Our first 2 MW demonstration-scale project, H2RES, is expected to go into operation in the first half of 2022, while four projects are progressing in the IPCEI funding process. Our Green Fuels for Denmark (GFDK) project, Yara Sluiskil, HySCALE, and our Lingen Green Hydrogen projects have all been shortlisted as IPCEI projects in their respective countries and now await the final IPCEI approval by the EU Commission and the subsequent funding commitment. In the US, we joined forces with Williams to explore potential Power-to-X projects in Western Wyoming. In January 2022, we signed an agreement with Liquid Wind, a Swedish green e-methanol developer, to acquire a 45 % stake in their project Flagship- ONE. The project is expected to produce 50,000 tonnes of e-methanol per year, based on renewable hydrogen and biogenic CO2. Also in January 2022, we joined forces with German steel major Salzgitter on development of green power, green hydrogen, and green steel with a focus on circularity.We achieved strong operational performance in 2021, with our assets remaining fully operational and with normal availability rates. We are currently constructing two of the world’s largest offshore wind farms, Hornsea 2 in the UK and Greater Changhua 1 & 2a in Taiwan. For Hornsea 2, we saw progress according to plan up until mid-December. However, the accelerating Omicron variant infection rates meant that it was not possible to man the vessels used for commissioning work according to plan. As a consequence, the ramp-up profile will be delayed compared to our internal expectations, but we still expect to commission Hornsea 2 in H1 2022 as previously communicated. We are well on track on the construction of Greater Changhua 1 & 2a in Taiwan. The project follows our committed timeline and is planned for commissioning in 2022. In Onshore, we have made several key additions to our portfolio of operating wind and solar farms and added 1.7 GW of new installed capacity in 2021. In the US, we successfully completed Western Trail, our biggest onshore wind farm to date, and we commissioned our first combined solar PV and storage facility, Permian Energy Center, both in Texas. Furthermore, we commissioned the solar farm Muscle Shoals in Alabama. Our onshore renewable platform now includes 3.4 GW of installed capacity. Also in the US, our solar panel release orders from Chinese supplies were withheld due to forced labour issues, a decision we fully support. It has slowed down panel deliveries, causing some delay in the commissioning of Old 300 and in the construction of the solar phase at Helena Energy Center. However, we still expect both solar farms to be commissioned in 2022.Our operating profit (EBITDA), including farmdowns, amounted to DKK 24.3 billion, a 34 % increase compared to 2020. Operating profit excluding new partnerships amounted to DKK 15.8 billion, which compares to our guidance of DKK 15-16 billion at the beginning of the year. Thus, we came in well in line with our expectations and delivered strong financial results despite unforeseen negative impacts in Offshore during the year, including lower wind speeds, the European energy crunch, and further provisions due to updated wake assumptions and cable protection system issues at some of our offshore wind farms. This was due to exceptionally good performance by our CHP plants and gas business. The return on capital employed (ROCE) was 15 %, and profit for the year amounted to DKK 10.9 billion. The Board of Directors recommends paying a dividend of DKK 12.5 per share, corresponding to DKK 5.3 billion and an increase of 8.7 %. During the year, we have prepared for reporting according to the EU taxonomy, which in short describes the sustainability of a company’s activities. We are pleased to report that 66 % of our revenue, 80 % of our OPEX, 90 % of our EBITDA, and 99 % of our gross investments were taxonomy-eligible in 2021.Sustainability is at the core of our business. In 2021, as the first energy company in the world, our 2040 target of becoming net-zero in our entire value chain (scope 1-3 emissions) was validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We consider this a landmark achievement, which sets a new standard for corporate decarbonisation targets globally. We are fully on track to become entirely carbon- neutral in scope 1 and 2 by 2025, so the next frontier for us will be to fully decarbonise our supply chain by 2040. This is a monumental task, which will require unprecedented technological innovation and cross-industry collaboration. We are working actively with our strategic suppliers on this agenda. Furthermore, we have made the strategic commitment to gradually phase out our natural gas portfolio towards 2040, with a clear mid-term target of reducing scope 3 emissions by 50 % in the period from 2018 to 2032. As we build out renewable energy globally, protecting nature and biodiversity will be key. That is why in 2021, we embarked on our next major strategic sustainability journey, setting the ambition to deliver a net-positive biodiversity impact from all energy projects that we commission by 2030 at the latest. This will be an ambitious journey in the years to come, but we are convinced that real leadership is about doing what is right, even if we do not have all the answers yet.Being a socially inclusive and diverse company in all its many forms is of paramount importance to us. We are fully committed to driving diversity in our company and have set the ambition to employ at least 40 % women across Ørsted’s organisation by 2030, both in the company overall and among our leaders. With 31 % women and 69 % men today, we still have some way to go to become a more gender-balanced company, and we are implementing several initiatives to drive this important agenda. Diversity is clearly not just about gender, but we see this commitment as an important and tangible step to create a fully inclusive culture. Our success relies more than anything on our employees, and we are happy to be part of such a capable, curious, and dedicated team. In this sense, we are delighted to see that our 2021 employee satisfaction survey yet again showed a high motivation and satisfaction score of 77 out of 100. In December, CFO Marianne Wiinholt announced that she will pursue a career outside Ørsted. Marianne will step down in April. We would like to thank Marianne for her fantastic contributions to Ørsted over the past 17 years and wish her all the best in the future. Safety is another value of paramount importance to us, both when it comes to protecting the physical conditions of our employees and to creating an inclusive and open environment where all employees can thrive. Again this year, we are pleased to see a downwards trend in our total recordable injury rate (TRIR) to a score of 3.0, down from 3.6 in 2020. As we almost achieved our previous target of 2.9 in 2025, we have raised our ambition to a target of 2.5. To read more about our work on diversity, safety, and our other sustainability priorities, go to our sustainability report here.We have come a long way and have built a strong position as the undisputed global offshore leader. However, despite having transformed from a fossil-based energy company to the world’s most sustainable energy corporation, we are not done with our transformation. As we demonstrated to an entire industry that large-scale offshore wind was feasible and scalable, we will continue to apply our courage and capability to innovate, scale, and accelerate the transformation of the world’s energy systems and thereby continue to be a catalyst for a world that runs entirely on green energy.