Despite a year with strong underlying business progress, 2023 marked a year with substantial challenges for ¯rsted. In the autumn of 2023, we took the tough but necessary decision to cease development of our Ocean Wind 1 offshore wind project in the US in the form it was awarded by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Ocean Wind 1 had been faced with a variety of challenges, such as higher costs of capital (US risk-free rate increasing by approx. 300 bps from the award in 2019), cost inflation, supply chain challenges, and slow permitting. As explained in our interim financial report for the first nine months of 2023, the decision to cease the development was taken after additional supplier delays further impacted the project schedule, which led to an additional significant delay to the project. In addition, we had updated our view on certain assumptions, including tax credit monetisation and the timing and likelihood of final construction permits. Finally, continued increases to long-dated US interest rates had further deteriorated the business case. In addition to the impairments we recognised in the third quarter on Ocean Wind 1 and other of our US projects, the decision to cease development of Ocean Wind 1 resulted in significant costs for terminating contracts, driven by high commitments prior to reaching final investment decision (FID). We have reviewed our Ocean Wind 1 project and are implementing the learnings into our operating model to reduce risks in the development and execution of projects, with a particular focus on monitoring of and updates on project execution, including risk reviews with the Group Executive Team and the Board of Directors, structured external reviews for select projects, internal peer assessments, contingency planning, and monitoring of suppliers. Furthermore, we will prioritise inflation protection in offtake arrangements in future projects.We will continue our work to manage future breakaway profiles by scrutinising financial commitments before taking final investment decision (FID) to avoid high capital commitments relative to project maturity and by ensuring greater flexibility on project timelines and commissioning dates as well as phasing of CAPEX. We will use the breadth of our execution portfolio and our deep, industry-leading capabilities to ensure greater resilience to external shocks or supply chain weaknesses across the portfolio. Our fundamental strategic choices on technologies and regions are unchanged. We aim to be the world leader in Offshore and a regional player in Onshore and P2X in Europe and the US. However, we have revisited our portfolio to prioritise growth options with the highest potential for value creation. In the US, our offshore wind portfolio will primarily be focused towards the North-East Atlantic, and to reduce development costs, we are exiting several offshore markets (e.g. Norway, Spain, and Portugal), deprioritising development activities in Japan, and plan for a leaner development within floating offshore wind and P2X.As a result of this, we have updated our ambition for installed renewable capacity to 35-38 GW by 2030, which is more than a doubling of our current installed capacity. By 2026, we expect to have an installed capacity of 23 GW. For Offshore, the 2026 contribution will be based on projects already under construction or awarded (assuming rebid award to Sunrise Wind), whereas the Onshore contribution will come from a mix of projects under construction and in our pipeline. We will go beyond decarbonising energy systems and proactively enhance nature through biodiversity initiatives to deliver a sustainable build-out, which is net-positive to society. We are confident we can deliver on this commitment as our underlying business of operating assets remains strong as reflected in our underlying financial performance, which was above our initial guidance.The costs related to terminating our Ocean Wind 1 project as well as lower forward power prices, further supply chain delays and costs to mitigate this, increasing capital expenditures (per MW) and OPEX due to cost inflation and supply chain bottlenecks have negatively impacted our credit metric (FFO/adjusted net debt) projections in 2023. Therefore, we have taken and will continue to take measures to ensure a robust balance sheet, supporting long-term growth and capital structure resilience towards 2030. Besides reducing our growth ambition, and thereby reducing capital expenditures and project development costs, we have decided to pause dividends for the financial years 2023-2025 and will accelerate our divestment programme. In addition, we have set a target to reduce our fixed costs by DKK 1 billion by 2026 compared to 2023, on a like-for-like basis, by simplifying our organisation and increasing our efficiency. We have updated our financial targets to reflect our new strategic ambition for installed capacity by 2030. We maintain our targeted value creation of 150-300 bps spread to WACC when we bid in tenders or take FIDs. Based on the GW ambition and value creation target, we expect our EBITDA to increase to approx. DKK 39-43 billion in 2030, corresponding to an annual growth (CAGR) of 8 %. Additionally, we expect to achieve a return on capital employed (ROCE) of 14 % on average towards 2030. In 2026, we expect EBITDA to reach approx. DKK 30-34 billion. To enable our build-out, we have a DKK 270 billion investment programme towards 2030, of which we expect to use approx. DKK 130 billion by 2026. To support this programme, we expect farm-downs and divestments to contribute with proceeds of approx. DKK 115 billion towards 2030, of which DKK 70-80 billion is expected in 2024-2026. In 2023, we recycled capital of DKK 8 billion by divesting the remaining 25 % of the offshore wind farm London Array to funds managed by Schroders Greencoat and farming down 50 % of Gode Wind 3 in Germany to funds managed by Glennmont Partners from Nuveen. We have identified a portfolio of assets, which we aim to farm down or divest in 2024 and the coming years. As of now, we have selected Cathay Life Insurance as preferred bidder for the acquisition of a 50 % ownership stake in Greater Changhua 4.While our current situation has required adjustments to our growth trajectory, our traction and underlying momentum remained strong in 2023. Our large portfolio of renewable assets continued to grow within both Offshore and Onshore with several projects reaching COD and FID. Our renewable share of heat and power generation amounted to 93 %. In 2023, we advanced three large offshore wind projects with a total capacity of 4.5 GW to FID, one in the UK, the US, and APAC, respectively. In the UK, we reached a significant milestone when our offshore wind farm Hornsea 3 reached FID. With a capacity of 2.9 GW, it will be the world's single largest offshore wind farm. Hornsea 3 will provide low-cost renewable energy for the UK and deliver thousands of high-quality jobs and billions of pounds of investment in the UK's offshore wind supply chain. Additionally, we received development consent for Hornsea 4 from the British authorities, enabling us to continue the development of the project. The possible future addition would create an offshore wind cluster in excess of 7 GW. In APAC, another important achievement was reached with the FID of our 0.9 GW offshore wind farms Greater Changhua 2b and 4. We expect completion of the wind farms by the end of 2025. Additionally, we are finalising Greater Changhua 1 and 2a, which are Taiwan's first large-scale offshore wind farms. The last four of the 111 turbines will be installed in the spring of 2024 with subsequent COD in Q2 2024. With a total capacity of more than 1.8 GW, these wind farms represent a significant contribution to Taiwan's transition to new energy sources and its decarbonisation journey. The US is still an important region for us, and in November, we took FID on our offshore wind farm Revolution Wind, which we own in a 50/50 partnership with Eversource. The 0.7 GW wind farm has an attractive forward-looking value creation and will power more than 350,000 homes across Rhode Island and Connecticut. At South Fork in New York, we are in the final stages of constructing what will be New York's first offshore wind farm. We expect COD in Q1 2024. In January 2024, we signed an agreement with Eversource to acquire their 50 % share of Sunrise Wind. The acquisition is subject to the successful award of Sunrise Wind in the ongoing New York 4 solicitation for offshore wind capacity, signing of an OREC contract with New York's energy agency, NYSERDA, entry into long-form acquisition agreements, receipt of construction and operations plan (COP) approval, and relevant regulatory approvals. If the project is not successful in the solicitation, the existing OREC contract for Sunrise Wind will be cancelled per the state's requirements, and our 50/50 joint venture with Eversource will remain in place. In that scenario, the joint venture will evaluate its next steps. In Germany, our offshore wind farms Gode Wind 3 and Borkum Riffgrund 3 are progressing according to plan with CODs in 2024 and 2025, respectively. The wind farms will have a total capacity of 1.2 GW once completed. We continue to explore new value-creating opportunities for offshore wind. In Ireland, we entered into a partnership with ESB, the leading utility company in the country, to jointly develop an Irish offshore wind portfolio. Furthermore, we were granted a 1.6 GW electricity business license (EBL) by the Korean Ministry of Trade, Industry & Energy for an offshore wind project located 70 km off the coast of Incheon City. Our Onshore business continues to grow. In 2023, four projects with a total capacity of 0.6 GW reached COD, and we added several new assets to our portfolio. In the US, we completed the onshore wind farm Sunflower Wind in Kansas, and in Arizona, we began the construction of Eleven Mile Solar Center, a solar and battery energy storage system (BESS) with expected completion in 2024. In Texas, the construction of our 471 MWAC Mockingbird Solar Center is going as plan-ned, with COD expected in the second half of 2024. We continue to develop our European onshore renewables portfolio. In the UK, we entered our first solar project in 2023, One Earth Solar Farm, a 740 MWAC solar project with associated battery storage. If built, it will be one of the largest solar farms in the country. Additionally, we took FID on phase one of Garreenleen, our first solar project in Ireland, and in January 2024, the onshore wind farm Farranrory in Tipperary reached FID. We secured contracts for both projects in the Irish Government's third onshore auction. Lastly, we entered a partnership with renewable energy developer Terra Solar to develop a portfolio of Irish solar projects with a capacity of up to 400 MWAC. In our P2X business, the construction of our Flagship- One project has started. It is the largest e-methanol project under construction in Europe, and we expect it to start production in 2025. To support this innovative project, Breakthrough Energy Catalyst will acquire a 15 % equity interest in FlagshipONE and provide a grant, subject to the fulfilment of funding conditions. In addition, FlagshipONE is also expected to receive a grant from Horizon Europe and a quasi-equity investment from EIB through InvestEU. In December, we embarked on the construction of the two carbon capture and storage (CCS) facilities in our project ¯rsted Kalundborg CO2 Hub, which has been awarded a 20-year contract by the Danish Energy Agency (DEA). During 2025, the Asn¾s and Aved¿re combined heat and power plants will begin to capture and store biogenic carbon.EBITDA totalled DKK 18.7 billion in 2023 compared to DKK 32.1 billion in 2022. EBITDA excluding new partnerships and cancellation fees amounted to DKK 24.0 billion, an increase of DKK 3.0 billion compared to 2022 and above our guidance of DKK 20-23 billion. Earnings in 2023 were impacted by a provision of DKK 9.6 billion for cancellation fees related to ceasing the development of the Ocean Wind 1 project. EBITDA from new partnerships in 2023 contributed with DKK 4.3 billion and was related to the divestment of London Array and the 50 % farm-down of Gode Wind 3. Earnings from sites in operation in Offshore more than doubled to DKK 20.2 billion in 2023 due to ramp-up of generation at Greater Changhua 1 and 2a and Hornsea 2, and as the negative effects from hedges in 2022 were not repeated in 2023. Earnings from Onshore decreased due to lower-than-expected power prices and wind speeds and availability issues at some of our assets in the US. Similarly, earnings in Bioenergy & Other decreased due to lower power prices and lower optimisation opportunities related to gas storages and sourcing contracts. In 2023, we recognised impairments of DKK 26.8 billion, with the majority (DKK 19.9 billion) relating to Ocean Wind 1. ROCE was -14.2 % for the year. Adjusted for impairments and cancellation fees, ROCE amounted to 12.9 % in 2023. Profit for the year amounted to DKK -20.2 billion. Excluding impairments (after tax) and cancellation fees, profit for the year was DKK 14.9 billion.We value our employees at ¯rsted, and we are pleased that our employee satisfaction measured in our annual employee survey showed 76 in 2023, which is at level with last year and within the top 25 % percentile of our external benchmark. Equally important is our strong safety culture, which is anchored in our organisation. In 2023, we further reduced our total recordable injury rate (TRIR) to 2.8, down from 3.1 last year. We are very pleased with this development and will continue to focus on reducing it even further. As part of our ambition to reduce our fixed costs and increase our efficiency, we will be reducing a number of positions in the organisation and unfortunately also see redundancies. We are committed to carrying through these redundancies in a fair and respectful manner. Maintaining and improving the motivation and wellbeing of our remaining employees remain a key priority to us.The year 2023 turned out to be a challenging year for the renewable industry in general and for ¯rsted in particular. And while the pressures on the renewable industry continue, we have seen positive initiatives from politicians and governments to support a sustainable and viable build-out of the industry. In Europe, the Net-Zero Industry Act proposed by the European Commission and the shared Action Agenda agreed by the North Sea countries and the European Commission are signs of this and supplement the US Inflation Reduction Act from 2022. However, the pace with which it is moving forward needs to be accelerated. In the offshore industry, awarded prices must reflect the higher cost and interest levels across markets. Recently, the UK government significantly increased the maximum CfD level for the upcoming auction in 2024, and in New York, we saw higher PPA prices in the state's third offshore wind solicitation round. These are positive signs for the industry. Focusing solely on concession payments as key decision criteria in auctions risks putting additional pressure on the supply chain and leaves limited room for investing in scaling manufacturing capacity. For offshore wind, regaining momentum is crucial to realise the strong value proposition it offers for societies and its key role in the renewable energy transition. We continue to engage stakeholders and partners to jointly overcome challenges to create a renewable, secure, and affordable energy system. We are dedicated to restoring our capital structure, and we will work disciplined towards our long-term growth ambition for 2030 through prioritised growth options with the highest potential for value creation. We have learned from this year's challenges, and we are adapting our operating model to further strengthen our ability to shape and lead our industry. We remain optimistic about the future of the renewable energy industry. The global ambitions for renewable energy have never been higher. Most recently, we saw this at COP28 where more than 130 governments agreed to work together to triple the world's renewable energy capacity by 2030. We are confident we can be a key contributor in accelerating the renewable build-out in the years to come.