Global electricity demand is projected to double by 2050, driven by the electrification of transport, heating, cooling, industrial processes, and the expansion of AI and data centres. While the exact electricity demand depends on the much-needed electrification, electricity is expected to become the largest global energy carrier by 2050. Future demand must be met by affordable, secure, and renewable energy sources. The renewables industry has seen substantial build-out in recent years, and renewable energy projects can expand local supply chains, generate jobs, boost manufacturing, improve infrastructure, and create local investments and long-term opportunities for growth in local communities. Diversified energy portfolios, including a higher share of renewables, can improve energy security and reliability by reducing dependency on imported fuels. Furthermore, renewables are instrumental in decarbonising energy systems and industrial processes and in reaching global climate targets. Also, renewables can drive nature restoration, if done right. Our vision is to create a world that runs entirely on green energy, and we are ready to do our part. However, to unlock the full potential of renewables in the future, governments, private sector, and local communities need to collaborate closely to facilitate the supply of renewable energy, set targets for a renewable build-out, and expand the grid infrastructure to handle it. This must be done in a way which ensures value creation for all parties, both in the short and long term.In the past 12 months, the industry has been characterised by continued and more challenging headwinds relating to regulatory, supply chain, and macroeconomic developments. Together with project-specific challenges related to our US offshore wind projects under construction, this has had an adverse impact on our capital structure. Faced by this reality, we are updating our business plan to be more focused and to support our target of a solid investment grade rating. As part of this, we are stepping away from our 2030 GW ambition and EBITDA target, and we are reducing our investment programme. We will continue to be active across our three regions, but we will focus our capital allocation. Thus, when we pursue new development opportunities, we will first and foremost prioritise the most financially attractive offshore wind opportunities in regions and countries where we see the most attractive framework conditions and investment environment.With the reduced growth ambition towards 2030 and a disciplined approach to capital allocation, Ørsted will inevitable become a more lean and focused company. Therefore, we will take measures, beyond the 2024 initiatives, to continuously adapt and rightsize our cost base and organisation to fit our value and build-out ambition. To deliver on the plan, we will reduce our investment programme by approx. 25 % to DKK 210-230 billion in the period 2024-2030, ensure the delivery of our divestment programme, and focus our immediate efforts on the execution of our existing construction portfolio. Expectedly, this will roughly double our installed offshore wind capacity from 9.9 GW to 18.0 GW and increase our total installed renewable capacity to 27.3 GW by the end of 2027. We expect to deliver an EBITDA of DKK 29-33 billion by 2026 and to achieve a return on capital employed (ROCE) of 13 % on average for the period 2024-2030.During 2024, we achieved significant strategic steps, and we have advanced five transformational and company-wide business priorities to significantly improve our ability to enhance value creation.First, we have advanced our revised project and operating model, which will create clearer accountability and stronger risk management throughout the development and construction phases of our offshore projects. Second, we are fully on track to deliver permanent cost savings of DKK 1 billion per year as a part of our organisational efficiency initiative. Third, we have progressed our initiative to improve our revenue capabilities to maximise the value of our energy generation and improve our competitiveness by expanding and leveraging our asset-backed trading competences further. Fourth, we are enhancing the value of our operating fleet by optimising the operations and maintenance of our assets to achieve higher availability, at the right time. And finally, we have commenced an initiative to strengthen our supply chain and risk management capabilities to leverage our leading position and improve our competitiveness in future auctions. Altogether, we are confident that these company-wide and transformational business priorities will have a significant positive impact on our ability to deliver cost-savings, increase revenue, and help improve our overall competitiveness.In 2024, we added 1.0 GW of installed capacity to our offshore portfolio by commissioning Greater Changhua 1 and 2a and South Fork and 1.4 GW to our onshore portfolio by commissioning four solar farms, including Mockingbird, our largest solar farm to date. By the end of 2024, our total installed capacity reached 18.2 GW.During 2024, we also advanced eight projects with a total capacity of 1.8 GW to FID, spanning across our portfolio of offshore and onshore wind as well as solar and storage. Following the award of an offshore wind renewable energy certificate (OREC) in New York’s fourth offshore wind solicitation, we added Sunrise Wind to our construction portfolio in 2024. With this addition, we had 6.9 GW of offshore capacity under construction by the end of 2024. In early 2025, we took FID on the wind farm Baltica 2, further adding 1.5 GW to our construction portfolio. In our onshore business, we took FID on several projects in 2024, the most significant being our onshore wind farm Badger Wind and a storage project adjacent to our solar farm Old 300. By the end of 2024, we had 0.8 GW of onshore capacity under construction. In the UK, we reached a significant milestone in 2024, when the UK Department for Energy Security & Net Zero (DESNZ) awarded us 3.5 GW of capacity for our offshore wind farms Hornsea 3 and Hornsea 4. When operational, Hornsea 3 will be the world’s single largest offshore wind farm with a capacity of 3 GW. Most of our projects are progressing according to plan, and we work diligently to de-risk our portfolio. However, we continue to face and manage supply chain and construction challenges at our two US offshore construction projects Revolution Wind and Sunrise Wind.Our partnership and divestment programme is on track, with several divestments initiated and concluded during the year. Total proceeds from the transactions make up DKK 22 billion of the target of DKK 70-80 billion through 2026. We have divested 12.45 % of four operational UK offshore wind farms with a combined total capacity of 3.5 GW to Brookfield and 50 % of our Taiwanese offshore wind farm Greater Changhua 4 (583 MW) to Cathay Life Insurance. In Onshore, we made a partial divestment of four US operational wind farms (957 MW) to Stonepeak and a partial divestment of the solar farm Mockingbird to Energy Capital Partners (ECP). Additionally in the partnership with ECP, we signed an agreement to partially divest our solar farm Sparta Solar and our battery storage project Eleven Mile Solar Center, with closings expected in 2025. Lastly, we divested our onshore platform in France to ENGIE. Innovation is another lever to improve our competitiveness, and we have continued to be at the forefront of the industry. In 2024, we developed a new low-noise foundation installation method, which strengthens existing protections to marine life. Beyond the noise reduction, this new technology is a step change in offshore wind monopile installation that, once adopted at scale, can overcome pile refusal challenges and provide for cheaper and faster installation than any other monopile installation technology. In addition, we launched the world’s first heavy-lift cargo drone operations at our offshore wind farm Borssele 1 & 2. The drones will improve operational efficiency and safety in the offshore wind industry. The organisational efficiency programme included company-wide and coordinated redundancy rounds, which were concluded in November. This has had an impact on our employee satisfaction score. Motivation and well-being of our colleagues are of the highest importance to us, and increasing employee satisfaction will be a key priority.EBITDA totalled DKK 32.0 billion in 2024 compared to DKK 18.7 billion in 2023. EBITDA excluding new partnerships and cancellation fees amounted to DKK 24.8 billion, an increase of DKK 0.7 billion compared to 2023 and in line with our guidance of DKK 24-26 billion. Earnings in 2024 were positively impacted by Ocean Wind 1 cancellation fees, where we have continued to work through our supplier contracts and finalised negotiation of several contracts with a better outcome than assumed. Net of the provision for ceasing FlagshipONE, this has led to a positive EBITDA impact of DKK 7.3 billion. EBITDA from new partnerships in 2024 was limited and related to the 50 % farm-down of Greater Changhua 4 and Mockingbird. Earnings from sites in operation in Offshore increased with almost 20 % and amounted to DKK 23.8 billion in 2024, mainly due to ramp-up of generation at Greater Changhua 1 and 2a, South Fork, and Gode Wind 3, higher wind speeds, and a higher pricing of the inflation- indexed CfDs and green certificates. Lower availability dampened the increase in 2024. In 2024, we recognised net impairments of DKK 15.6 billion, with the majority (DKK 14.1 billion) relating to our US projects and from our decision to cease construction of FlagshipONE (DKK 1.5 billion). The US impairments were due to an increase in the US longdated interest rate, a lower market-informed valuation of our US seabeds, construction delays, and higher expected costs for our US projects Revolution Wind and Sunrise Wind. ROCE was 4.5 % for the year. Adjusted for impairments and cancellation fees, ROCE amounted to 10.1 % in 2024. Profit for the year amounted to DKK 0.0 billion. Excluding impairments (after tax) and cancellation fees, profit for the year was DKK 6.4 billion.Our commitment to a sustainable build-out is at the core of our business. Our three strategic sustainability priorities – decarbonisation, biodiversity, and community impact – play an enabling role in our strategy and project delivery. They support that we mitigate risks and deliver more resilient energy projects that also drive a positive change for society and nature. In 2024, we saw strong progress on all three priorities. Among other things, we launched our ‘Biodiversity measurement framework’ to guide transparent measurement and reporting on our biodiversity impact. We also reached the last big milestone in transforming our energy production to renewable energy by shutting down our last coal-fired power station. With this, we are on track to reach our industry-leading science-based target to reduce our scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity by 93 % since 2018 and to reach our target of a 99 % renewable share of energy generation by 2025. We have been reporting on sustainability for the last two decades, and in 2024, we have further developed our reporting to comply with the new European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) framework. For investors and other stakeholders, the standardisation and transparency of this new regulation will ensure greater comparability across companies’ sustainability impacts, risks, and opportunities.In 2024, we reduced our total recordable injury rate (TRIR). It is the second year in a row that we experience a reduction, and we see it as a result of our longterm focused effort on safety. We welcome the reduction in TRIR, and we will continue our safety improvement initiatives to ensure the trend continues.The year 2024 proved to be a challenging year for the industry and for Ørsted. We have experienced headwinds and have therefore taken necessary actions while leveraging our 30 years of experience to achieve several milestones across our renewables portfolio.We have made substantial divestments and advanced our focused company-wide business priorities. We have done this to ensure the strongest possible platform to deliver consistent value in the years to come. We believe in the long-term fundamentals of the renewables industry and will continue to navigate existing and new market challenges as well as engage proactively to restore investor confidence in Ørsted and in offshore wind as an industry. In 2024, we have worked relentlessly to strengthen and improve the conditions for our industry in close dialogue with key stakeholders, and we will continue this effort in 2025. We will continue our journey to adapt to the new reality by constantly improving our competitiveness to remain one of the world’s leading developers, constructors, and generators of renewable assets.On behalf of the Board, we would like to thank Mads Nipper for his commitment to Ørsted’s vision and his strong and constructive collaboration over the past four years. As a concluding remark, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to our skilled colleagues, who, throughout a year of uncertainty and redundancies, yet again proved their unwavering commitment, and who continue to drive the energy transition forward. 11 Management’s r ØRSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2024 eview | Overview