Our ambition to reach approx. 50 GW of installed renewable capacity by 2030 is more important than ever. The world is facing a climate crisis, and it is indisputable that a transition to a sustainable energy system is needed. In the past decade, global investment in energy supply has slowed down by 2.4 % per year across all technologies, indicating a risk of an emerging energy shortage. Especially in Europe, this risk has been worsened by the war in Ukraine. This development has made it evident that renewable energy is the best solution to secure an independent, locally rooted energy supply, and that investments must be accelerated. We are ready to be part of this much-needed accelerated renewable energy build-out. Our longstanding industry experience in constructing largescale offshore wind farms and our strong supplier relations give us a competitive edge in the industry, which enables us to maximise joint strengths across our portfolio. We have a well-functioning operating model, which allows us to harvest synergies across markets, regions, and technologies. We want to play a key role in the future energy systems with a focus on three areas: offshore wind, onshore renewables, and P2X (green fuels and e-fuels), and we aim to be a key player in developing multi-technology solutions. Based on our capabilities and experiences and our unique renewable platform, we are ideally positioned to integrate renewable technologies to help shape the future energy market and to cater for the growing customer demand. However, for the acceleration to be successful, it is crucial that we build green energy right. Our actions should contribute to fully decarbonising the world’s energy systems, to revive and rewild our oceans and lands, to respect human rights in everything we do, and to promote just societies and build thriving local communities, based on stable high-quality jobs and local supply chains.The year 2022 underlined our continued leadership in offshore wind. Despite a challenging year for the industry with continued supply chain bottlenecks and increasing costs of raw materials and components, we are in a robust position for weathering the current volatile market conditions. In 2022, we achieved significant strategic results across our business, and it keeps us ahead of our annual build-out targets towards 2030. We were awarded 2.9 GW of offshore wind capacity and added 1.6 GW of onshore renewables through organic growth and acquisitions. Additionally, we advanced seven projects (1.4 GW) to FID and four projects (2.0 GW) to COD. This increased our firm capacity to 30.7 GW by the end of 2022 and keeps us well on track to deliver on our 2030 ambition of ~50 GW. Furthermore, we achieved strong operational performance with our assets remaining fully operational and having strong availability rates. Our CHP plants supported the much-needed security of supply in Denmark. Our green share of heat and power generation amounted to 91 %. In the UK, we were awarded a contract for difference (CfD) for building Hornsea 3, the world’s single biggest offshore wind farm, and we commissioned Hornsea 2, the world’s largest operating wind farm. In the US, we continued the development of our portfolio of offshore wind projects off the East Coast. We took FID on South Fork, which is well on track to be commissioned as our first US project late 2023. For Ocean Wind 1, BOEM released its draft environmental impact statement (DEIS), and we continued to mature the project boundary conditions and secure key supply chain contracts. In January 2023, we signed an agreement to purchase PSEG’s 25 % equity stake in the project. However, due to supply chain bottlenecks, cost inflation, and higher costs of capital, the value of our US projects with non-inflation-adjusted contracts are under pressure. For our Sunrise Wind project in New York, this led to an impairment. We remain committed to our portfolio, and we are confident we can create value. The early construction work of two of our German offshore wind farms, Borkum Riffgrund 3 and Gode Wind 3, are both progressing according to plan. In Taiwan, despite challenges, we continued the progress in all areas of the construction of Greater Changhua 1 & 2a and expect to commission the wind farm in H2 2023. We decided not to participate in the third Taiwanese auction as it did not meet our financial threshold. By partnering with the offshore project developer Simply Blue Group and the minority JV partner Subsea 7 on the 100 MW floating project Salamander in Scotland, we are taking tangible steps into floating offshore wind. Likewise, we signed an agreement and entered into a partnership with Repsol, a global multi-energy company, to explore the joint development of floating offshore wind in the Iberian Peninsula. We also formed a new partnership with Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners to develop up to 5.2 GW of offshore wind in Denmark across four projects. The partnership aims to accelerate the green transformation, create value in the offshore wind industry, and create a Danish business and export stronghold within renewable hydrogen. In our onshore business in the US, we took FID on three projects, the wind farm Sunflower in Kansas, the solar PV project Mockingbird in Texas, and the combined solar PV and storage project Eleven Mile in Arizona. The wind part of Helena Energy Center in Texas and the wind farm Haystack in Nebraska were successfully commissioned. Additionally, we are constructing the solar farm Old 300, which is 78 % commissioned, and the solar part of Helena Energy Center. We expect full commercial operation before the end of 2023 for both projects. Furthermore, we acquired the onshore wind farm Ford Ridge in Illinois. We have taken yet another step within onshore renewables in Europe by completing the acquisition of Ostwind. This acquisition expands our portfolio into Germany and France with a development project pipeline of more than 1.5 GW. In Spain, we marked our entry into the onshore market with four partnerships to pursue early-stage solar and onshore wind projects. To support our growth ambitions, we effectively recycled our capital by signing and completing two new farm-downs. The farm-down of Hornsea 2 was one of the largest renewable energy M&A transactions ever with a valuation that underpins the attractiveness of our offshore wind assets. In our onshore business, we closed our first-ever agreement to farm down 50 % of a portfolio of four onshore projects in the US to Energy Capital Partners. Both transactions secured a NPV retention of around 100 % and crystalised value up front, while providing proceeds, which we can reinvest in value-creating growth. In our P2X business, we took FID on and acquired the remaining 55 % of FlagshipONE, a late-stage development project in Northern Sweden. The facility will have an electrolyser capacity of 70 MW and is expected to produce 50,000 tonnes of e- methanol per year based on renewable hydrogen and biogenic carbon. This is Ørsted’s first commercial-scale final investment decision within its P2X business and represents a significant milestone in the realisation of our P2X ambitions. It is also the largest e-methanol project under construction in Europe. We also signed a landmark letter of intent with A.P. Moller - Maersk to deliver 300,000 tonnes of e-methanol to power Maersk’s newly ordered e-methanol-powered vessels. This has enabled us to accelerate the development of a 675 MW facility on the Gulf Coast. Finally, both our ‘Green Fuels for Denmark’ project and our Haddock P2X project in the Netherlands received IPCEI funding in 2022.EBITDA including new partnership agreements totalled DKK 32.1 billion in 2022, our highest EBITDA to date, of which the gain from the 50 % farm-downs of Hornsea 2 and Borkum Riffgrund 3 amounted to DKK 11.0 billion in total. EBITDA excluding new partnership agreements amounted to DKK 21.1 billion, an increase of DKK 5.3 billion compared to 2021. We benefitted from our diverse portfolio and achieved significantly higher earnings from our onshore wind and solar PV business, our combined heat and power plants, and our gas activities than expected at the beginning of the year, while earnings in Offshore decreased. The unexpected decrease in Offshore was primarily due to adverse impacts from hedges and delays at our Hornsea 2 and Greater Changhua 1 & 2a construction projects. During the year, we have had to recognise a DKK 1.3 billion negative impact from hedges, which does not fulfil the requirements for hedge accounting under IFRS 9. The effect is temporary and will improve EBITDA in later periods. The return on capital employed (ROCE) was 17 %, and profit for the year amounted to DKK 15.0 billion. The Board of Directors recommends paying a dividend of DKK 13.5 per share, corresponding to DKK 5.7 billion and an increase of 8.0 %. We expect EBITDA excluding new partnership agreements to be DKK 20-23 billion in 2023, driven by a significant increase in earnings from our operational renewable energy assets partly offset by lower earnings from our CHP plants and gas business compared to 2022. We remain confident in our long-term financial estimates and growth ambitions.In 2022, we launched additional commitments, initiatives, and pilots, which are needed to deliver on our mediumand long-term targets. In addition to initiatives related to our net-zero emissions target, we have acted on our commitment to deliver a net-positive biodiversity impact from all our new energy assets from 2030 at the latest and our aspiration to drive a just transition. Our 98 % carbon reduction target for 2025 remains unchanged. However, we will not see steep emission reductions from energy generation in 2023-2024, since we have been ordered by the Danish authorities to continue operations of our coal-fired power stations until June 2024. We are proud founding members of the First Movers Coalition steel and concrete sectors. In 2022, together with only four other leading companies, we agreed to further accelerate the decarbonisation of our supply chain, by procuring at least 10 % ‘near-zero’ concrete by 2030. With this, we aim to pool our purchasing power and create early market demand for near-zero concrete. Since 1970, 70 % of the world’s wildlife have been lost, and projections show that biodiversity will continue to decline if we maintain business as usual. We have started a range of initiatives, and in 2022, we launched an international partnership with WWF. The partnership will help us achieve our ambition and develop innovative ocean projects across our markets. In an ambitious new project, we have partnered with the Lincolnshire and Yorkshire wildlife trusts to restore biodiversity around the Humber in Northern England. Additionally, we will protect almost 1,000 acres of native prairie as part of our Mockingbird solar PV project in the US together with The Nature Conservancy. Building renewable energy comes with the opportunity to provide high-value jobs and drive a socially just transformation of our industry. We want to do both. We are expanding our thriving communities programme to make sure we have a robust impact management system in place, which is geared towards delivering local, social, and economic value. As a first in the US, together with North America’s Building Trades Unions (NABTU), we announced an agreement to construct offshore wind farms with an American workforce. In Choczewo in Poland, we have set up a community fund to support local sustainable development opportunities, and as part of Sunrise Wind in New York, we will recruit and train workers from marginalised communities for union construction careers. To support our journey, we will ensure that sustainability is embedded in the core of how we do business. This entails a corporate governance that enables the right decisions. In 2022, we took this further. Following implementation for the leadership team in 2022, we adjusted our short-term incentive (STI) scheme for all participating employees, effective from 2023. The new STI supports a stronger link to our 2030 aspirations, including global sustainability leadership, and ensures that sustainability is further integrated in our operating model.In a challenging and highly volatile year, our skilled and valued employees have navigated this complexity well and managed to deliver strong strategic progress and record results for Ørsted. Our success is only possible through them, and we care deeply about all our colleagues and our joint safety. In 2022, our employee satisfaction survey showed a motivation and satisfaction score of 76 out of 100. Although this is a high score well above our external benchmark for comparable companies, we aim even higher, and we will continue to improve the well-being of our employees. Having a strong focus on safety is anchored in our organisation in terms of both protecting the physical conditions of our employees and securing a psychologically safe workplace. In 2022, our total recordable injury rate (TRIR) reached 3.1, up from 3.0 in 2021, mainly due to recordable injuries for contractors’ employees. We are not satisfied with this development. Consequently, we have implemented several initiatives to improve safety, and we remain focused on our ambition of reaching a TRIR of 2.5 in 2025. As we expand our global footprint, we experience increasingly different local market requirements. Therefore, as of November 2022, we implemented a new organisational structure, which is rooted in local regions while leveraging the synergies of a global organisation. With this new structure, integrating our offshore and onshore renewables organisations and making P2X a stand-alone business, we are moving closer to our markets and our customers. Consequently, there were changes to our Group Executive Team, including new regional executives.In 2022, an energy crisis was added to the global climate and biodiversity crises. Renewable energy has proven to be significantly cheaper than any fossil fuel alternative, even with higher prices, and it has furthermore proven to be the best possible insurance policy to avoid future energy price increases like those seen last year. Therefore, action must be taken to increase the pace of the necessary investments in renewable energy. In the US, an important step has been initiated by introducing the US Inflation Reduction Act. It provides USD 385 billion in funding for renewable energy generation, renewable hydrogen production, and climate risks over the next ten years. In the EU, the European Commission is planning a Net-Zero Industry Act, which will be aligned with the 2050 climate targets and provide significant opportunities for the renewable energy sector. We need to push regulatory and political barriers to focus on fast and streamlined permitting processes, which today continue to represent a major bottleneck within our industry. We are pleased to note that discussions around permitting are ongoing in our major markets. In light of supply chain bottlenecks, inflation, and increasing cost of capital, it is also essential that countries and states are willing to pay realistic long-term prices for renewable power. We will uphold the necessary financial discipline to ensure our projects are profitable. Furthermore, we need to push for increased focus on the societal value provided by renewables to secure a sustainable build-out of the industry and for future auction frameworks to include factors like efficient system integration, biodiversity, and the restoration of nature to the benefit of local communities. We believe it can be done, and we, at Ørsted, are well-positioned to continue to play a pivotal role in the accelerated build-out needed in the coming years.