The decisions our global society takes today, and in the next few years, determine whether we pass a habitable planet on to future generations. Science recommends that we halve global carbon emissions by 2030 to have a chance of limiting the temperature rise to 1.5˚ C and mitigating the risk of irreversible tipping points in our global ecosystems. In 2020, we saw progress. Many governments raised their carbon emission reduction targets and further reinforced their build-out plans for renewable energy production capacity. Several large companies also set targets for their decarbonisation and acted firmly to make their business models more sustainable. Targets and actions by both governments and corporations bode well for our planet, but to limit the increase in temperature to 1.5 ˚ C, even more decisive action is needed. Our target is to become a fully carbon-neutral company by 2025. In 2020, we continued the build-out of our green power generation capacity both onshore and offshore. We also initiated a range of renewable hydrogen projects. Renewable hydrogen will enable sectors like cement, ammonia, heavy road transport, aviation, and shipping to transition to fossil-free energy. Like it was for offshore wind, innovation and industrialisation in renewable hydrogen are required to bring down costs, making the new green fuels competitive. This year, we divested our downstream retail customer and power distribution businesses, which marks another big step in the renewable energy transformation. Our vision is a world that runs entirely on green energy. Ørsted wants to partner with countries and companies, helping them to leave fossil fuels behind, and in 2020, we saw a breakthrough for comprehensive long-term green power purchase agreements. The COVID-19 pandemic affected everybody in 2020. We are a safety-first company, and during the pandemic, our priority has been the health and well-being of our employees, their families, and the communities which we are a part of. Thanks to our careful and talented staff, Ørsted’s operations have remained stable, and our development and construction projects have moved forward according to plan during the pandemic. All employees have adapted impressively to new routines and pushed through with projects, despite sudden and unforeseen obstacles. We will continue to closely follow the situation in the markets where we operate and will continue adhering to national guidelines and regulations to help minimise the spread of the pandemic and keep our employees and partners safe. Even in this time of significantly increased global uncertainty, Ørsted’s business model has demonstrated its resilience. We were able to raise our financial guidance in March and maintained it throughout the year. EBITDA for the year amounted to DKK 18.1 billion, thereby exceeding our expectations and resulting in a ROCE of 10 %. Profit for the year amounted to DKK 16.7 billion, significantly impacted by the gain from divestment of our power distribution activities. The Board of Directors recommends paying a dividend of DKK 11.5 per share, corresponding to DKK 4.8 billion. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank the employees and management of Ørsted for an outstanding effort during a period of global uncertainty and for keeping us on track towards creating a world that runs entirely on green energy. I would also like to express special thanks to former CEO Henrik Poulsen for his exemplary leadership in the past eight years during which Ørsted was transformed completely from a financially challenged, regional, fossil-based energy company to a highly profitable global leader in renewable energy. Our company is stronger than ever and – even more important – has developed a promising platform for continued growth. With Mads Nipper on board as our new CEO from this January, we remain as committed as ever to staying at the forefront of the global energy transformation and to offering costeffective green energy solutions and enabling governments and companies to power the world with green energy.In 2020, our operating profit (EBITDA) amounted to DKK 18.1 billion, a 4 % increase compared to last year. Earnings from our offshore and onshore wind farms in operation increased by 14 %. This was driven by ramp-up of green power generation from Hornsea 1, Borssele 1 & 2, Lockett, Sage Draw, Plum Creek, and Willow Creek and receipt of CfDs of another 400 MW of Hornsea 1 from April. Futhermore, we had higher wind speeds in 2020. These positive effects were partly offset by lower earnings from trading related to hedging of our power exposures, which generated very high earnings in 2019, and adverse COVID-19 related impacts. The latter mainly manifested itself in the UK power prices due to a lower demand for electricity. This led to higher balancing tariffs (BSUoS) from National Grid and lower ROC recycle prices. Furthermore, we saw hours with negative prices in the UK from April to July. We are on track to meet our target of an average yearly increase in EBITDA from offshore and onshore wind farms and solar farms in operation of 20 % from 2017 to 2023. The divestment of our Danish power distribution, residential customer, and city light businesses resulted in proceeds of DKK 20.5 billion with a gain of DKK 10.9 billion which will be deployed into our global renewable energy build-out plan. Our green share of heat and power generation continued to increase and reached a new high of 90 %. Return on capital employed (ROCE) was 10 % for 2020, in line with our target.Since the outbreak of COVID-19, our Corporate Crisis Management Organisation (CCMO) has met regularly, focusing on the health and safety of our employees and on ensuring business continuity. During 2020, we had 146 confirmed infected colleagues and fortunately no casualties from COVID-19. We continue to do our utmost to keep our colleagues safe across our locations. Our asset base has been fully operational, and we maintained normal availability rates at our offshore and onshore wind farms and CHP plants throughout 2020. Construction of our projects largely progressed according to plan, both in Europe, Asia Pacific, and the US. The construction project most affected by COVID-19 was the offshore wind farm Hornsea 2, due to delays in the offshore topside construction at a shipyard in Singapore which was temporarily closed. However, we do not expect the delay to affect the commissioning date.2020 was a good year for our offshore business with many significant milestones and achievements, although with some headwind in the US. In December, we commissioned the 752 MW Dutch wind farm Borssele 1 & 2 on schedule and within budget. The wind farm deploys 94 Siemens Gamesa 8 MW wind turbines, making it the largest-ever built in the Netherlands, and will supply renewable energy to 1 million households. During the construction of Borssele 1 & 2, we passed a significant milestone by installing Ørsted’s offshore wind turbine number 1,500. In North America, the 12 MW Coastal Virginia demonstration project, which we have constructed for Dominion Energy as an EPC contractor, was commissioned. The offshore wind farm is the first-ever to receive federal permits and be installed in US federal waters. We are installing foundations at our 1,386 MW offshore wind project Hornsea 2 in the UK. At our 900 MW offshore wind project Greater Changhua 1 & 2a in Taiwan, we are preparing for installation of foundations which will commence in the first quarter of 2021. Both wind farms are expected to be commissioned in 2022 and will become the largest offshore wind farms in their respective regions. In December, we signed an agreement to farm down 50 % of the 605 MW offshore wind farm Greater Changhua 1 to CDPQ, a Canadian pension fund, and Cathay PE, a Taiwanese private equity fund. The farm-down is the largest-ever renewable energy M&A transaction in Taiwan and underpins the attractiveness of our offshore wind assets in Asia Pacific. We selected Siemens Gamesa as preferred wind turbine supplier for our 900 MW Borkum Riffgrund 3 and 242 MW Gode Wind 3 projects. Subject to final investment decision, both projects will deploy 11 MW wind turbines with 200-metre rotors. In addition, we signed a 10-year corporate power purchase agreement (CPPA) with Amazon to buy 250 MW of the output from Borkum Riffgrund 3. This is our first offshore wind PPA with a global tech company and the largest offshore wind CPPA in Europe.In July, we signed a CPPA with Taiwan-based TSMC, the world’s largest semiconductor foundry. TSMC will offtake the full generation from our 920 MW offshore wind farm Greater Changhua 2b & 4, making it the largest-ever renewable energy CPPA. The 20-year fixedprice contract period will start once the wind farm reaches commercial operation, expectedly in 2025 or 2026, subject to grid availability and Ørsted’s final investment decision. In December, we entered into an agreement with New Jersey’s Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) to sell a 25 % ownership interest in our 1.1 GW offshore wind development project Ocean Wind 1. The project is the first large-scale offshore wind farm in New Jersey. In March, we entered into an agreement with TEPCO to establish a joint venture company for offshore wind in Japan, with the intention of working towards a joint bid in the first Japanese auction, now expectedly this year. In December, we were granted consent to move into the final development phase of the offshore wind farm Hornsea 3 by the UK Secretary of State for the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy. The offshore wind farm has a potential capacity of more than 2.4 GW and is adjacent to our offshore wind farms Hornsea 1 and Hornsea 2, off the East Coast of the UK. With the consent granted, the wind farm will be able to enter the next UK auction round for a contract for difference (CfD), expectedly in 2021. Our pipeline of US offshore development projects is moving forward, but we are still waiting for the US Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) to decide on the preferred wind farm layout for the buildout of offshore wind for our north-eastern projects in our New England lease areas. Furthermore, while we are still waiting for clarity concerning the federal permitting process for our projects, there are positive signs that the bottleneck will be resolved imminently. We had expected to receive the ‘notices of intent’ (NOIs) from BOEM for our advanced-stage development projects following the release and public comment process regarding the Vineyard Wind Supplemental Environmental Impact Study in 2020. While that did not happen, we are starting to see some promising signs of movement. The timely issuance of the draft ‘environmental impact statement’ (EIS) on 4 January 2021 for our South Fork project bodes well. So does the announcement of the ‘initiation of action notice’ (IAN) (a prelude to NOIs issuance) for the Ocean Wind 1 project. All signs from the incoming Joe Biden Administration indicate they will support a timely, predictable permitting regime. Revolution Wind, Ocean Wind 1, Skipjack Wind, and Sunrise Wind will likely be delayed beyond the previously expected 2023 and 2024 construction years. We have flexibility in the timeline for all four projects, and we have been able to make good progress on other project milestones in the meantime. However, until there is a clear timeline from BOEM, we cannot solidify our construction schedules. With regards to South Fork Wind, we remain comfortable with our previously communicated timeline with COD in late 2023. Despite the permitting delays, we remain confident that we can deliver our US project portfolio with satisfactory value creation, which is supported by the commitment to rapid clean energy deployment from the Joe Biden Administration, the US Treasury’s recent announcement of a 10-year continuity safe harbour for offshore wind in addition to a new 30 % ITC level for projects starting construction in 2017-2025, which will help expand tax credit eligibility. We continue to see solid longterm growth and value creation potential in US offshore wind. In 2020, we made progress towards a greener future based on renewable hydrogen. We continuously pursue opportunities within industrial-scale production of renewable hydrogen, and during 2020 and early 2021, we have secured funding for three projects, one in the UK, one in Germany, and a joint consortium in the EU. We also entered into an additional three partnerships, one in Germany, one in the Netherlands, and one in Denmark. Our most recent hydrogen partnership was agreed with British energy company bp in November and will comprise a 50 MW electrolyser plant at bp’s Lingen Refinery in Germany. The plant is expected to be operational in 2024 and will replace approx. 20 % of the fuel-based hydrogen from the refinery. The project is the first stage towards a long-term ambition to build a capacity of more than 500 MW of renewable hydrogen at Lingen. This would replace the entire production of fuel-based hydrogen at the refinery. Furthermore, we joined forces with Yara, the world’s leading fertiliser company, to develop a pioneering project aiming at replacing fossil hydrogen with renewable hydrogen in the production of ammonia with the potential to abate more than 100,000 tonnes of CO2 per year.In 2020, we saw strong traction in our Onshore business, underpinned by the commissioning of three new wind farms, the acquisitions of two late-stage projects, and the decision to construct another onshore wind farm and a solar farm. During the year, we successfully commissioned the three US onshore wind farms Sage Draw, Plum Creek, and Willow Creek, located in Texas, Nebraska, and South Dakota, respectively. In July, we acquired the 227 MWac solar project Muscle Shoals in Alabama, US. The project is expected to be commissioned in Q3 this year and will become the largest solar energy asset in the south-eastern US. The project is eligible for 30 % ITC and has a fully contracted 20-year utility PPA. The project further diversifies the geographic footprint of our asset base by establishing a foothold in the rapidly growing south-eastern solar market. In September, we took final investment decision on constructing the onshore wind farm Western Trail in Texas. This greenfield project has a capacity of 367 MW and is eligible for 100 % PTC when commissioned, expectedly during Q3 this year. In October, we acquired the late-stage 298 MW onshore development project Haystack. The wind project is located very close to our onshore wind farm Plum Creek in Nebraska, also residing in the South-West Power Pool (SPP) area. With the acquisition, we further expanded our footprint into this market which will play an important part in our growth in North America and diversify our portfolio. In November, we also took final investment decision on constructing the Old 300 Solar Center which is a 430 MWac solar project also located in Texas with 30 % ITC eligibility. We expect Old 300 to be commissioned during Q2 2022. In addition, we are currently constructing the combined solar (420 MWac) and storage (40 MWac) project Permian Energy Center in Texas, US. The project is progressing according to plan, and we expect Permian to be commissioned by mid-2021 with 30 % ITC eligibility. With the completion of Sage Draw, Plum Creek, and Willow Creek and the addition of Muscle Shoals, Western Trail, Haystack, and Old 300 Solar Center, we now have 3.4 GW of combined onshore wind and solar PV in operation or under construction, and we remain very satisfied with the expansion of our onshore business.During 2020, we continued streamlining our Markets & Bioenergy business. In August, we completed the divestment of our Danish power distribution, residential customer, and city light businesses to SEASNVE (now Andel). The divestment marks an important strategic milestone for Ørsted, and the proceeds will be deployed into our global renewable energy build-out plan. In December, we completed the divestment of our LNG activities to Glencore, and in September, we signed an agreement to divest the vast majority of our UK B2B customer portfolio to Total Gas & Power. We will keep some of our strategic long-term partners and customers to whom we deliver risk management products. We expect the transaction to close in Q1 2021. In November, we signed a 15-year route-tomarket agreement with SSE Renewables and Equinor to balance power generation from their offshore wind farm Dogger Bank in the UK. The contract is the largest balancing agreement won in a competitive tender process in the UK market. Under the agreement, Ørsted will be responsible for trading and balancing 40 % of the 960 MW generated from the first two phases of the wind farm, when completed in 2026. The agreement will add further scale to our portfolio and underlines our position as a leading green energy trading company in the UK. In mid-October, the Renescience wasterecycling plant in Northwich, the UK, was successfully commissioned after passing the final performance test. With the commissioning of Renescience Northwich, we reached another important milestone. We will continue to monitor the plant’s performance, while exploring the broader commercial potential of this recycling technology. In March, the Copenhagen Maritime & Commercial Court decided to close the action for damages, ruling in Ørsted’s favour. The action related to a claimed abuse of a dominant position on the market for wholesale of physical electricity in western Denmark from 2003 to 2006. However, the action will continue in 2021 as the claimants have decided to appeal the case to the Danish Western High Court.In 2018, seven bearers of the Ørsted name filed a subpoena to prevent our use of the name. In May 2019, the Copenhagen Maritime & Commercial Court ruled in favour of Ørsted. Following the ruling, the plaintiffs decided to appeal the case. In November 2020, the Danish Supreme Court also ruled in favour of Ørsted, and the case is now closed. We are very pleased that the ruling of the Supreme Court upholds our right to use the Ørsted name. It was chosen as a tribute to Hans Christian Ørsted, one of the greatest Danish scientists of all time. He discovered electromagnetism 200 years ago and thus laid the foundation for how we produce electricity. In December, we received an administrative decision from the Danish Tax Agency requiring Danish taxation of our British offshore wind farms Walney Extension and Hornsea 1. The claim amounted to DKK 5.1 billion, plus interest, in addition to the taxes we have already paid in Denmark. According to the decision, Ørsted is to be taxed in Denmark on the full future value of the two offshore wind farms, despite the fact that they are developed, owned, and operated by British subsidiaries of the Ørsted group and are taxed in the UK. We disagree with the decision which in our view is based on a misconception of the risks and value creation in our business model for developing, constructing, and operating offshore wind farms and have appealed it to the Danish Tax Appeals Agency. Furthermore, we have taken steps to ensure that the Danish and UK tax authorities initiate negotiations to avoid Ørsted being subjected to double taxation, if necessary, by referring the case to an independent arbitration panel.Our talented people remain the most important assets in Ørsted, and on behalf of the Executive Committee, I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank all our employees for the great job they have been doing throughout the year, including how they have all adapted to the new challenges in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is very important for us to attract, develop, and retain the best talent, and we strongly believe in the value of a diverse workforce. We aspire to create an environment where everyone, whatever their personal background, can thrive, perform, and grow. Therefore, we were also pleased to see that the 2020 employee satisfaction survey, People Matter, showed a record-high satisfaction and motivation score of 78 out of 100, placing Ørsted in the top 10 % of our external benchmark.On 28 January, we announced a change to our organisational structure which will take effect from 4 February. The change entails moving from a business unit structure to a more functional structure where the commercially focused functions from the current business units Offshore and Markets & Bioenergy will be brought together under the leadership of Martin Neubert who will become CCO, Deputy CEO, and member of the Executive Board. The operationally focused functions will be brought together under a new COO as Anders Lindberg has decided to take on a new position outside Ørsted. The COO will report to Mads Nipper. As a consequence of the new corporate structure, Morten H. Buchgreitz has decided to leave the company. Both Anders and Morten have done a tremendous job during their tenure in Ørsted, and we owe them great gratitude. Onshore will remain a separate business unit. The Onshore business differs from the rest of Ørsted when it comes to technological maturity and business model, and we believe that Onshore will be best positioned to realise its full potential as a separate business unit. We are making these changes in our organisation to establish an even stronger customer and market focus, to further strengthen the focus on EPC and operations, and to support the scaling of our organisation as we continue our strong growth trajectory in the years to come. Externally, we will continue to report Offshore and Onshore financials as we do today. This means that Offshore will continue to include our hydrogen activities. Bioenergy, our legacy gas activities, and Renescience will be reported in a separate segment called Bioenergy & Other.We are very satisfied with our strategic progress and results in 2020, and I am grateful for the support and professionalism of our customers and partners. I am keenly aware that only together, we can do great things and live up to our high ambitions. We maintain a leading position in a global high-growth market and have built a strong and financially sustainable pipeline, laying the path for future growth. I am proud of and humbled by the Board of Directors’ trust in me to succeed Henrik Poulsen as CEO of Ørsted. Creating a world that runs entirely on green energy is a vision close to my heart. I also want to thank the Executive Committee and all Ørsted employees for a warm welcome. I am deeply impressed and inspired by the passion and motivation I have encountered throughout the entire company, and it makes me excited for what we can achieve. I am confident that Ørsted can stay a globally leading renewable energy producer, both offshore and onshore. I am convinced that Ørsted, as the world’s most sustainable energy company, has the potential to be a global catalyst for systemic change, accelerating the green energy transition and how companies operate.