In 2023-24, we set out to reach new milestones, grow our company, and surpass last year’s results. Mindful of our heritage and founding principles, this is our aim every year, as we know our results are profoundly linked to our obligation to leave a positive impact on the world around us and to generate economic contribution which can benefit countries we operate in. While doing our best to fulfill this aspiration, we witnessed the impact of macroeconomic challenges along the way. As expected, persistent inflation and geopolitical uncertainties affected the market and caused a tough year for the fashion industry. These challenges also affected us, ultimately resulting in a turnover slightly below our ambition. Despite this, we managed to adapt to a new market and new demands, not least thanks to valued partnerships and skilled colleagues. As a result, profitability increased by 8 percent for this financial year. This achievement is a testament to the hard work and eagerness to innovate and invest that characterise the spirit of BESTSELLER, perhaps more than ever when we are facing headwinds. Continuous investments – throughout the ebb and flow of business – play an important role in honouring the responsibility we carry for our company and the world we are a part of. Without hesitation, and with BESTSELLER’s persistent determination, we have invested in new markets and new retail stores as well as new technology throughout our value chain. Furthermore, we have invested in efforts to reduce our environmental footprint. Balancing growth with sustainability is one of the biggest challenges we face as a fashion company. But it is also a challenge we face head- on with determination, transparency, and cautious optimism. To motivate and accelerate our commitment towards reaching our targets, we will launch sustainability incentives for all colleagues in 2025. Considering the difficult market conditions and a changing fashion landscape, we delivered reasonable commercial results for our financial year from 1 August 2023 to 31 July 2024. Topline revenue fell by 4 percent, to DKK 35.6 billion, driven by conservative order patterns from online wholesale partners and a slight decrease in sales on our own online channels. In contrast, the multichannel retail nature of our business showed its strength, with top-line revenue from physical wholesale partners and particularly from our 2,800 branded retail stores continuing to grow in line with recent years. Despite pressure on top-line revenue, our bottom-line profitability improved. This was primarily due to higher online sell-through, lower stock levels, and efficiency gains, especially in our logistics operations. As a result, profitability increased 8 percent to a total of DKK 5.3 billion. We anticipate the global uncertainty to continue into the current financial year, 2024-25, and expect revenue to remain stable and profit ranging between DKK 5 and 6 billion. The ability to deliver results under difficult circumstances allows us to continue to invest in an even stronger commercial foundation and in bringing fashion forward. Our results are undoubtedly linked to our abilities to deliver on our broader ambitions and responsibility. Therefore, it is essential to invest in and elevate both, as they are deeply interconnected, forming the core of our overarching goal. In the coming years, we intend to do exactly this. As with every company, our commercial success must go hand-in-hand with our broader responsibilities as part of an industry that operates with respect for human rights and within planetary boundaries. Going forward, we will amplify our efforts and collaboration with customers, suppliers, consumers, and peers to address the ever-present dilemma facing our industry and all industries working in consumer goods. That is, delivering the right products, which provide the right value at the right time to consumers. All while simultaneously addressing the environmental and social impact of our business across the value chain. This report marks the second year we have consolidated our financial, social, and environmental performance into a single, unified narrative, and we continue to further integrate our reporting. In 2023-24, we communicate for the first time the amount of greenhouse gas emissions from our value chain linked to the financial year. The data shows we are beginning to see a decoupling of emissions compared to our commercial growth, a result largely driven by increased investments in preferred materials that have a lower environmental impact compared to conventional options. While we are happy to see progress, we recognise that there is a long way to go to reach our sustainability ambitions. To succeed, we have, and will continue to increase our investments in three key areas: — Increasing the volume of preferred and next generation material in our products. These are materials with a lower environmental impact compared to conventional materials. In 2023-24, we increased the volume of recycled polyester, doubled the amount of organic cotton sourced directly from farmers, and committed to increasing the volume sourced by another 50 percent in 2024-25. — Collaborating holistically with partners to decarbonise the global supply chain. This means working directly with suppliers to reduce their environmental impact and collaborating with peers to achieve scale at a faster pace. In 2023- 24, we committed to investing in the Future Supplier Initiative. This initiative brings together major industry peers to provide financial support for garment producers and material manufacturers, helping them reduce their environmental footprint. Additionally, we made our biggest ever sustainability pledge for a renewable energy project in our supply chain. — Extending the lifecycle of our products to prepare for a circular future. This starts with improving product quality and durability. It also means working together with partners across the industry to advocate for solutions that promote reuse and recycling, and engaging with consumers to raise awareness about their impact and providing solutions to promote recycling. In 2023-24, we launched our first online recommerce platform to enable product reselling. Since the launch of our Fashion FWD sustainability strategy, we have made meaningful progress, and we remain committed to reaching our targets. Whenever we reach our goals, we will assess our progress and set new objectives. Similarly, we will introduce new, specific ambitions related to biodiversity, water, and land use, as these are areas with a profound impact on the health of our planet. Some of our targets set in 2018 were to be achieved between 2025 and 2030. We are more than aware that some will be challenging to achieve within the indicated timeframe. Here, we will not make any excuses. Instead, we will do our best to improve and increase our efforts, as we know that the long-term success of our business hinges upon achieving financial, societal, and environmental goals. Through collaborative efforts among customers, industry peers, suppliers, policymakers, and other stakeholders, we can collectively prepare the fashion industry for a circular future, which respects planetary boundaries. This is our unwavering commitment.