Recovering from the initial shock of COVID-19 to post the largest annual result in BESTSELLER’s history was remarkable. But the past year and the beginning of 2022 has reminded us of the diverse and complex encounters we face to maintain a resilient company, while also making a positive contribution to the world we live in. It has also emphasised how interconnected and interdependent the world has become, and how uncertainty and turmoil can challenge our shared hopes. BESTSELLER’s sustainability strategy, Fashion FWD, includes ambitious goals as we know we must accelerate if the fashion industry is to achieve a more sustainable reality. Last year’s report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change shows that we – the fashion industry and society as a whole – haven’t reached the required speed. At this rate, we will not achieve the comprehensive change needed to protect our planet for future generations. To reach our North Star and achieve the ambitious goals we have set for ourselves, we need to increase our contributions to – and investments in – innovation, as well as take concrete steps to sever the connection between business growth and resource consumption. This is far from an easy undertaking and it demands collective action in all areas from raw materials to end consumer and beyond. Business aspirations can no longer come at the planet’s expense. In 2021, we have seen how political upheaval in developing countries can impact the protection of human rights in our supply chain, and how global imbalances in both supply and demand can limit our ability to source more sustainable materials. The first few months of 2022 have to an extreme degree underlined and emphasised the magnitude of the challenges and disruption we face – and how they can affect us. There is no doubt that we face fundamental issues – both to conventional ways of doing business and to our planet. But we are determined to do our part, and we will do our utmost to improve. In 2021 we reached some important milestones. From finalising a new binding international agreement regarding workplace safety and connecting Northern Europe’s largest solar power plant to the European electricity grid, to investing widely in new innovative solutions and opportunities to help accelerate BESTSELLER towards a sustainable reality. Things aren’t going to be easy, but my faith in the ability of BESTSELLER’s colleagues has never been greater.