Trying to summarise and condense the year we had is not easy. Because we have achieved results we would not have imagined and had dared hope for just a few years ago. Just as well, as we have been challenged and tested by circumstances in an unlikely tempo. Securing the best annual result in our history is an astonishing achievement. It is first and foremost a true testament to everyone at BESTSELLER. I am impressed by my colleagues’ efforts and the way we worked to bring our values to life. However, the past year has also reminded us of the distinct and diverse challenges we face to maintain a resilient company, while also making a positive contribution to the world we live in. A task every company in the world is facing and must undertake. This is no different in BESTSELLER, and we are very aware of the great responsibility we have. At BESTSELLER, we want to accelerate the fashion industry’s journey forward to becoming more sustainable. Our industry has a significant impact on global challenges: from climate change and resource constraints to human rights and women’s empowerment. But we believe our company can be a positive force for change. It's important we work closely with our stakeholders including commercial and supply chain partners to be part of the solution that addresses these challenges. Investing in the right technology and incorporating sustainability throughout our business and supply chain will help create a more sustainable future for fashion and can build resilience in our business. While providing benefits for people and the planet. The last few years have showed all of us how fast and how unprecedented events can challenge and change everything. Estimating where we are a year from now, or how we are going to progress financially, isn’t an easy task and we will be hesitant to speculate. The past year, however, has bolstered my faith in the ability of BESTSELLER’s colleagues and the opportunities we possess. We are – in every way we can – going to keep our company robust, and work tirelessly for a more responsible fashion industry and support in societies. “BESTSELLER is at the intersection of people, fashion and technology. Together with our partners we strive to combine these forces to make a positive impact for our communities, our partners and our environment. In 2021-22 we made amazing progress. Our family is very proud of the work done by the thousands of BESTSELLER colleagues around the world who delivered record breaking results.” 2021-22 was a fantastic year for BESTSELLER. All colleagues worked tirelessly towards delivering value for our partners and producing affordable fashion for shoppers. We’re proud to have taken another step forwards on BESTSELLER’s positive journey. Last year we generated a total revenue of DKK 35 billion and an operating profit of DKK 6 billion*. We saw remarkable sales growth across all channels, markets and brands around the world, this growth was higher than expected and was driven by our strong presence in the markets. These are results we are very pleased with, but also results we don’t take for granted. The two previous years have provided a boost to online sales across our business, while in the last 12 months we’ve seen a distinct rebound in performance in our retail stores and with brick-and-mortar shoppers. This underlines the importance of the investment we provided over the last years to support our stores and wholesale partners. These results bring to light our further responsibility to move not only BESTSELLER, but the entire fashion industry forward towards a more circular future and more sustainable business models. With this result we can be even more ambitious with our investments and dedication going forward. Although our performance last year was very positive, we’re aware this was largely driven by the overall performance in the first nine months of the year. In contrast, the last three months of the financial year were difficult. There were clear indications of higher operating costs due to the macroeconomic environment and some customer segments being more cautious. This challenging trend is expected to continue into the new financial year 2022-23. Although we expect medium to high single digit sales growth next year, we also expect to see profitability decline resulting in an operating profit between DKK 4-5 billion. Pressure on profitability will however not hold us back from continuing to invest in our people, pursuing further progress on our collective sustainability journey as well as becoming more digital and technology focused. Our ambitions are unchanged.