As we look back on 2020 and reflect on a momentous year, it is striking – for all the talk of ‘a new normal ’ – how much the values that define BESTSELLER remain relevant. Honesty, loyalty, a strong work ethic, a willingness to cooperate and an inquisitive mind – all of these factors are as important today as they were when BESTSELLER began almost half a century ago. While the initial shock of COVID-19 has worn off, our industry – like global society – continues to grapple with massive chal lenges related to the virus. The texti le supply chain remains seriously disrupted. While we have adapted quickly to the market, allowing us to continue submitting orders and help keep the wheels in motion at many of our suppliers, we must accept that the effects of the global pandemic will be long-lasting. Our social sustainability work remains as important as ever to foster safe working environments and fair outcomes for everyone in our supply chain. We never doubted that we would make it through the global pandemic. It was just a matter of how we would manage it in the best way possible. There is no learning experience like a crisis, and in BESTSELLER, we have learned a lot. One of the more important lessons has been that we must accept a certain amount of uncertainty and the best response is to be proactive. There are a number of simi larities between the pandemic and the broad planetary crisis. We cannot bui ld wal ls strong or high enough, and neither can we run away fast or far enough, to simply avoid the global challenges we are facing – or are about to face. We live in a connected world, which makes contemporary challenges and opportunities so multifaceted that our approach must be collaborative, and our solutions must be holistic. Everyone has a responsibility to do their part. Our actions must be based on the measurable needs of our planet, which is why we are pleased our climate goals have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative in early 2021. With 2021 well underway, we are investing even more time and resources to create a digital and sustainable future for our company. The consequences of depleting our natural resources are becoming ever clearer and even though we do not have all the solutions we cannot allow that uncertainty to paralyse us. Our sustainability strategy Fashion FWD continues to guide us, and its overall impact will be dependent on us striking the right balance between short-term wins and long-term focus. We must keep an open mind and remain innovative about how we think about our future business, collaborating across our industry and value chain to identify and develop more sustainable solutions. BESTSELLER is committed to adopting and investing in innovation to futureproof our company. The establishment of Fashion FWD Lab in 2020 was a critical step in our innovation work, as it supports innovators and entrepreneurs so they can tailor their concepts for widespread use in the fashion industry. Markets are continuously changing and our customers’ expectations are higher than ever. We have to remain focused on continuously improving and using our business to create positive impact. By staying loyal to our suppliers, business partners and customers, working hard, col laborating throughout our industry and seeking out new solutions, we can build a more sustainable and prosperous future together.