This year, we did our best to maintain our previous record-breaking performance and results. While we have celebrated our achievements, we are also aware of the tailwind that contributed to our recent success. The financial results we report this year are satisfying and motivating. Firstly, I am glad that we Ð once again Ð managed to surpass our previous record results in terms of revenue. Our skilled colleagues, and our longstanding partnerships, have propelled us forward, and we humbly acknowledge this performance. Not least when witnessing how macroeconomic forces have impacted the fashion industry globally. Inflation, energy prices, and an increase in costs, along with the prevailing financial turmoil, have had an impact on our company. Despite these challenges, it is commendable that we have been able to maintain momentum in our sales. However, these circumstances have squeezed our overall results. As we dwell on our numbers from this year, we know we can improve. As a growth-oriented company, aware of the positive impact our results can enable, we are determined to do better in the coming years and our motivations remain intact. As the global retail landscape undergoes economic change, digital revolutions, and climate challenges, we recognise the need for continuous transformation within our company. Our positive results are essential to our ability to successfully navigate the transition we are undergoing Ð and to us being able to leave a positive impact on the world around us. We are mindful of this fact. This transformation will require commitment and a long-term vision. As a family-owned company with an aspiration to grow our business sustainably, BESTSELLER is well placed to achieve our mission to bring fashion forward. The year 2022-23 was Ð despite obstacles and ever-changing challenges Ð successful for BESTSELLER in many ways with a revenue of DKK 37 billion and an operating profit of DKK 4.9 billion. Our retail business with 2,100 own stores achieved record top and bottom line results. The partnership with our classic wholesale customers was another positive highlight, whereas online sales through our direct online and pure online partners faced difficult market conditions and did not contribute positively to sales growth for the first time in many years. These overall positive results were driven by our more than 20,000 dedicated colleagues, who continue to work tirelessly to create value for our partners, customers and society. Delivering sales growth in a tough and challenging market is very positive and something we are pleased to achieve. However, commercial success has also affected some of our other important aspirations. As our business continues to grow, there has not been a decoupling of this growth from the indirect greenhouse gas emissions of our supply chain. Reducing our indirect emissions and transforming our business to prepare for a circular future is one of the biggest challenges for our company in the years to come. In recent years, we have reduced our scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions by more than 80 percent. Our sustainability strategy, Fashion FWD, has been instrumental in driving progress towards our goals. It is important to recognise that we still have a long journey ahead. There is no denying that. In this report, we will detail how we are continuing to work hard to address this challenge. By investing in renewable energy, using resources efficiently and promoting human rights, we believe our business can be a positive force for change. Our positive results mean we have the capacity to continue to accelerating this change, and throughout this report, we describe the actions we are taking now and in the future. Three of the most important steps include: Designing products from materials that have a lower environmental impact, with circularity in mind. Working holistically with our partners across the supply chain to reduce emissions. Increasing focus on the use phase of our products to extend life cycle. In parallel with these steps, we are continuously building an understanding of how the planetary ecosystems and society interrelate. As companies, industries and legislators obtain further knowledge of the full ecosystem, we will have to find collaborative solutions to reach the required scale and prepare for a circular future. No company can do this alone. Legislation plays a pivotal role in this regard, and we wholeheartedly welcome global legislation and initiatives as crucial instruments for transforming and facilitating change across industries and societies. By embracing holistic collaboration across the industry with our customers, suppliers, legislators, and other stakeholders, we can collectively work towards creating the future we all need Ð for our company, our industry, our society and the environment. In BESTSELLER, we are determined to do so.