The recent year has been a year of transformation, we continued to invest in our critical infrastructure, enabling the green, digital transition of society – and were the first company in the world with validated targets for becoming a net-zero emissions company by 2030. It has been a changeable year where the macroeconomic development with high energy prices and inflation, and the geopolitical situation in Europe impacted our business and everyday lives. In that context, being an owner and provider of critical, digital and telecommunications infrastructure has made it even more important to ensure strong and resilient networks and connections, while adapting our security profile to suit the environment, we operate in. Enabling Denmark’s leading digital position A prerequisite for continued development of our society is a reliable, secure, resilient, and digital infrastructure with no negative climate and environmental impacts. In 2022, Denmark’s position as world leader in digital infrastructure was once again underlined in the UN 2022 E-Government Survey. To maintain such a position requires continued investments and in 2022, that amount totalled DKK 3,248m. We invested in both further roll-out of fibre connections, passing over a total of 600k addresses by year-end, as well as increased network security, while continuing to provide Denmark’s best 5G mobile network. This summer, Tour de France visited Denmark, and new 5G solutions were tested. They successfully enabled high-speed media production in areas, where large crowds were live streaming, which would normally put pressure on network speed and availability. At the forefront of climate action We are proud to be first company in the world with validated science-based targets for becoming a net-zero emissions company by 2028 across our own operations and by 2030 in our full value chain. As a frontrunner, we believe our obligation is to lead the way and share our learnings. Achieving our net-zero targets will be challenging; however, we have a detailed action plan in place and will work closely with our suppliers and stakeholders in our value chain to achieve these targets. In spring 2022, we fully integrated our climate ambitions in our business plan, including by issuing sustainability-linked bonds with a value of EUR 500m, to replace part of our long-term secured bank facility of EUR 3.3bn. Our 2022 financial performance and outlook for 2023 In a year with inflation rates, raw material prices, and energy prices at levels unseen for decades, our investments and financial performance were in line with expectations. For 2023 we expect a flat development in revenue with continued declining trend in operating expenses from earlier years driven by stable cost savings and ongoing efficiency improvements. In total, revenue and operating expenses are expected to generate low single-digit growth in EBITDA. Lastly, we expect to maintain the investment level from 2022 in our core business activities. In continued collaboration with our dedicated, committed employees and trusted business partners, we have a strong foundation for pursuing our strategic ambitions and investments in enabling the green, digital transition of