TDCH group On 10 June 2021, TDCH initiated the final phase of the separation to establish TDC NET and Nuuday as stand-alone companies. During the remainder of the year all employees in the shared group functions were transferred to either TDC NET or Nuuday. Furthermore, on 8 December 2021, new boards were appointed for TDC NET and Nuuday. At the same time group management resigned. Henrik Clausen continues as Chairman of the Board of TDC NET, while Michael Parton became Chairman of the Board of Nuuday. Finally, TDC A/S changed its name to TDC Holding A/S. Hereby the separation of the group was com-pleted and TDC Holding A/S is a holding company with Nuuday A/S and TDC NET A/S operating as stand-alone companies. On January 31 2022, TDC NET entered into in ag-gregate EUR 3.3bn of committed new bank facilities and established a new secured infrastructure financing platform. In addition, Nuuday entered into a revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks. The standalone financing in TDC NET is following the completion of the separation of the group into the two stand-alone companies, TDC NET and Nuuday. The proceeds from the new bank facilities at TDC NET were subsequently used to repay repay existing loans at TDC Holding, including the EUR 1.9bn Term Loan B and outstanding drawings under the EUR 845m revolving credit facili-ties. The EUR 500m 5% March 2022 senior unsecured notes were redeemed at maturity, while the GBP 425m 6.875% 2023 senior unsecured notes will remain outstanding until maturity. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to pose challenges during 2021. TDCH group maintained continuity in all business-critical operations, with preventive measures being implemented to minimise risk and ensure stable operations. The effects of COVID-19 on TDC Group’s financial performance have related mainly to reduced roaming profits for Nuuday and a productivity slowdown at TDC NET. TDCH group has not received subsidies other than postponed VAT and employee tax payments via the temporary liquidity support package from the Danish State. The accounting policies of the parent company, TDC Holding A/S, have been changed in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The company has chosen to use the cost method for measuring the investments in subsidiaries. Previously, the equity method was used for measuring investments in subsidiaries. See note 1.1. to the Parent company financial statements for more information. TDC NET During 2021, TDC NET sustained strong progress in deployment of fibre. TDC NET rolled out fibre to 106,000 additional addresses, hereby expanding the fibre footprint to al-most 500,000 addresses by the end of year. For the 7th year in a row, TDC NET’s mobile network was in April 2021 hailed as Denmark’s best mobile network following tests carried out by the Danish Technological Institute. Also in April 2021, according to Tutela's Excellent Consistent Quality metric, TDC NET was recog-nized for delivering the best mobile experience in the world. Nuuday On 15 June 2021, Jon James was appointed as new CEO of Nuuday as of June 15, 2021. He succeeded Michael Moyell Juul. During 2021, a new management team has been appointed, who have accelerated Nuudays trans-formation journey of becoming a lean, digital, and customer-centric service provider. The appoint-ment of a new CXO and CTO have further strengthened the focus on CX and IT. The strategic direction is taking Nuuday towards future-proofed offerings with high quality digital customer experiences. The transformation journey will continue throughout 2022 and going forward. In order to increase its coverage of high-speed fibre across Denmark, during 2021, Nuuday went live on three additional utility partners, Norlys, Nord Energi and Fibia.