2024 was truly a landmark year for TDC NET, marked by significant strides in network advancements and technology innovations, further strengthening our position as a leading digital enabler in Denmark. TDC NET launched its new corporate strategy “Connectivity Pioneers” in mid-September, marking a pivotal moment in our journey to securing a dominant position in the connectivity market. Our 2030 strategy is built around five key priorities, each supported by concrete targets and KPIs, forming our roadmap to 2030. By pioneering future connectivity, leading our end-to-end customer experience, streamlining our business, accelerating a responsible and sustainable transition, and transforming our culture and organisation, we are laying the foundation for success. These priorities ensure we stay ahead of technological advancements, deliver an unmatched customer experience, operate efficiently, commit to sustainability, and foster a dynamic organisational culture. This comprehensive approach will not only enhance our revenue streams and competitive edge but will also position TDC NET as the leading customer-centric and green TechCo by 2030. Through collective effort and a shared vision, we will embrace the role of “Connectivity Pioneers,” driving innovation, courage and commitment to lead and inspire our industry. Our commitment to green technology is crucial for achieving TDC NET’s sustainability goals. Fibre is far more energy efficient than legacy copper infrastructure1. Similarly 5G reduces energy usage by up to 90%2 compared with 4G. Guided by our science-based targets, we are on track to becoming net zero by 2030, with a significant portion of our energy consumption (65%) sourced from renewables in 2024. This year, we reduced CO2 emissions by 49% from our 2020 baseline, reinforcing our leadership towards a low carbon future. As part of our modernisation efforts, we are phasing out the fixed copper network that has served Denmark for over a century. By the end of 2024, we announced the retirement of 178 legacy central offices, scheduled for closure in 2025, with the goal of fully decommissioning the network by 2030. Additionally, our copper cable recycling programme mitigates anticipated material shortages while benefiting other industries. In 2024 alone, 50 tons of copper cables were recycled, with volumes expected to increase as the network phase-out progresses. This initiative supports our sustainability goals and contributes to a more resource-efficient future. We continue to cement our leadership on next-generation fixed (fibre) and mobile (5G) networks in Denmark while also innovating to provide the latest cutting-edge technologies to our customers. We have experienced 22% growth in fibre RGUs which underlines our network quality, bolstered by our launch of the first 2Gbit and 10Gbit fibre networks for households in Denmark. As for our 5G network, we are the clear leader, having been awarded the “Best Mobile Network” for the ninth year running, with 99.9% access to 5G nationwide. We are also the first provider in Denmark (and among the forerunners in Europe) to launch 5G standalone enabling (SA). In 2024, we significantly accelerated our IT transformation, marking a major milestone on our journey to becoming a fully digital and customer-centric TechCo. Our multi-year strategic partnership with Infosys, a global leader in industry system integration, has enabled us to quickly implement industrystandard processes and advanced new platforms. This transformation reflects our dedication to placing customers at the heart of our business and strengthens our leadership in digital innovation within the telecommunications industry. TDC NET’s financial health remains robust. This year, we successfully refinanced EUR 500m of debt through a sustainability-linked bond, which was oversubscribed three times, underscoring the market’s confidence in our business model and green vision. Despite the challenging economic landscape, our long-term profitability affirms our ability to make strategic investments. With an annual investment of DKK 3.3bn in 2024, allocated primarily to fibre expansion and Denmark’s best mobile network, we continue to build a futureproof infrastructure that supports Denmark’s connectivity ambitions and sustains our business. As the market shifts toward high-speed technologies, the telecommunications industry faces significant challenges, including a faster-than-expected decline in copper lines and TV subscriptions. Moreover, the rising need for investment in cutting-edge digital infrastructure places additional pressure on optimising costs across all operations. Recognising the necessity for balancing growth with cost efficiency, our focus on improving our efficiency will be sharp in the upcoming years. Streamlining processes, leveraging advanced analytics for better decision-making, and enhancing automation will be at the forefront of our strategy to ensure we operate at maximum efficiency without compromising on quality and innovation. To achieve our ambitious goals, we are focusing on the continuous growth of our people. In November 2024, we launched the TDC NET Academy, giving all employees easy access to more than 17,000 training sessions for upskilling and exploring new learning territories, including over 550 new skills in next-generation technologies. As part of our strategy, we have defined three pioneering traits — being Explorers, Courageous and Committed — by involving over 500 employees in leadership development and cultural engagement workshops. These initiatives help us build a stronger and more cohesive team, aligning with our goal to transform our culture and organisation. Additionally, we have incorporated wellbeing into our health and safety initiatives to better ensure that our team thrives in all aspects of their work life. Guided by a clear mission and supported by a talented team, we are committed to delivering resilient, secure and sustainable connectivity that drives digital progress and benefits Danish society. While navigating industry dynamics, we remain focused on our ambitious vision to become the leading customer-centric green TechCo in Denmark.