2023 paved the way for our ambitious transformation, aimed at maintaining our position as market leader through ever-evolving technological development. We are investing in integrating artificial intelligence, data automation and other new technologies into our core business, to increase resilience and efficiency, and to provide an excellent customer experience. Financial growth in society requires a reliable, secure and resilient digital infrastructure. At TDC NET, we have already ensured 1.7 million households’ access to high-speed broadband connections. And in 2023, we moved the fibre needle from 600k to 700k homes passed, steadily approaching our goal of rolling out high-speed fibre to one million households in Denmark. By connecting Denmark, we enable the nation to keep its digital leadership position. Our investments in customer solutions totalled DKK 3,037m. Besides focusing on massive investments in fibre, we continued to provide Denmark’s best 5G mobile network – for the eighth year in a row1. Our newly initiated transformation is encompassing the entire business and full customer journey. In 2023, we initiated the decommissioning of our copper network – and plan to fully close the 140-year-old technology by 2030. Other technologies are also being decommissioned – as 3G was in 2023. Decommissioning will not only reduce complexity, but also reduce our CO2 footprint. Another focus area involves simplifying and automating massively, to enhance the customer experience while also halving our IT costs. Automation will ensure fewer faults, faster recovery and more user-friendly services. The foundation for these focus areas is our ESG leadership and our dedicated people. We will invest in our people and secure 400-500 future-proofed competencies to deliver on our transformation and to become the market leader in the societal green, digital transition. All this will drive our revenue up – the last key element in the transformation. We initiated our organic revenue growth in 2023, by creating a stronger focus on connecting and activating homes. In Q4, we saw the benefit with record-high activation of fibre customers, which had a positive impact on our financial results this year – and will for the coming years. To better meet the increasing digital needs of our broad range of customers, we will continue the roll-out of fibre and decommission of copper. We remain committed to connecting Denmark with fibre, coax and mobile. This includes massive investments in our C-band, allowing for high-speed mobile broadband. This mix of technologies serves the interests of customers – households, businesses and public institutions. Executing on our strong commitment within ESG forms the way we drive our business and reach our objectives. As frontrunners for the climate agenda, we are driven by our sciencebased targets for becoming net zero across our entire value chain by 2030. In 2023, we delivered the largest CO2 emission reductions in the history of TDC NET, driven mainly by our investments in renewable electricity from the four solar parks. We now want to broaden our leadership position on climate to include the nature and biodiversity crisis, which poses a great threat to our planet as well as to the economy. According to the World Economic Forum2, 44 trillion dollars of the global economy is at risk, and urgent action is needed. In late 2023, our Board of Directors adopted a new biodiversity strategy aligned with the 30-by-30 ambition set at COP15 in Montreal: to preserve 30% of land and water by 2030. We are proud to be the first company in the world to adopt this target and aim for 30% of TDC NET land to be preserved for nature by 2030. The target will contribute to our ambition of connecting Danish nature - for everyone. After the separation from Nuuday, we have built a new funding platform to serve our needs as a standalone company. In 2023, we succeeded with two rounds of issuing EUR 500m sustainability-linked bonds to refinance existing bank facilities. The trust in our business model secured us a BBB- (stable) rating from Fitch and significant interest from investors. Our accomplishments in 2023 can be attributed to the efforts of our employees. Their commitment, passion and collaboration have played a pivotal role. Amid our 2023 achievements, we experienced a challenging macroeconomic landscape, but maintained our investments and financial performance in line with expectations. We anticipate some of the uncertainty continuing into 2024, and we are monitoring developments closely, backed by our talented team who have steered TDC NET skilfully through the past year. We are grateful for their commitment and look forward to continuing the teamwork to connect Denmark for everyone.