TDC Group Following the outbreak of COVID-19, TDC Group has maintained continuity in all business-critical operations, with preventive measures being implemented to minimise risk and ensure stable operations. The effects of COVID-19 on TDC Group’s financial performance have related mainly to reduced roaming profits for Nuuday and a productivity slowdown at TDC NET. Henrik Clausen was appointed CEO on 17 February, and Mike Parton, who had been constituted CEO since 24 October 2019, was reinstated as Vice Chairman of TDC’s Board of Directors. The Chairman of TDC’s Board of Directors, Bert Nordberg, resigned with effect from 31 December 2020, and Mike Parton was appointed as Chairman of TDC’s Board of Directors. TDC NET For the fifth year running1, TDC NET’s mobile network was hailed as Denmark’s best mobile network following tests carried out by the Danish Technological Institute. TDC NET officially launched 5G in Denmark on 7 September. In the final quarter of 2020, TDC NET finished the 5G swap, making Denmark the first Nordic country to have nationwide 5G coverage. This achievement was accompanied by TDC NET ending the year with a strong fibre rollout, bringing the total homes passed for the year to approximately 123k. Nuuday The merger of Fullrate into YouSee was announced on 20 January 2020 and initiated shortly after to provide the best digital products and innovative solutions for both brands. The first customer migrations were completed according to plan and the process continued in Q2 2020. Nuuday completed an extensive organisational change in June to introduce a new agile setup with cross-functional teams. Prior to the change, Nuuday worked with a traditional silo mindset, which now has been replaced with cross-functional teams tasked with improving Nuuday’s time to market while ensuring all customer needs are accommodated. In Q3, Nuuday launched two new brands – YouTV and Eesy. YouTV is a flexible TV and streaming service, where customers can combine their preferred TV channels and streaming services in one application independent of location and underlying network or subscriptions. Eesy complements the current mobile offerings from YouSee and Telmore and offers a simple mobile product at very competitive pricing, still on Denmark’s best mobile network. Both launches target a new customer segment. These additional brands ensure Nuuday remains relevant for all households in Denmark. In the last quarter of 2020, Nuuday took important steps towards becoming the preferred future digital service provider. Nuuday expanded the reach of high-speed fibre across Denmark, adding five new agreements with the utility companies Norlys, Ewii, Fibia, Thy-Mors Energi and EnergiFyn to the already well-established agreements with Eniig and Ewii. This move establishes Nuuday’s position as the leading provider of highspeed connections in Denmark. Meanwhile, Nuuday has continued transforming towards becoming a more efficient service provider and investing in simplification and standardisation.