Entering 2024, we anticipated a challenging year ahead. With constant care, we proactively took steps in 2023 to align our organisation and cost structure with the expected subdued market demand and a contrasting increase in industry capacity. These measures proved vital as the year brought its share of unforeseen obstacles, testing our resilience and ability to navigate uncertainties in ever-shifting global circumstances.The Red Sea became a focal point of disruption in 2024, with attacks by Houthi forces resulting in unacceptable safety risks for crew and cargo along a critical trade route. Initially uncertain in duration, the crisis persisted throughout the year, underlining the vulnerabilities of global supply chains. Increased freight rates driven by the situation in the Red Sea, combined with our ability to capitalise on higher-than-expected demand, strong operational execution and cost discipline, led us to repeatedly raise expectations throughout the year, ultimately delivering results significantly above initial guidance. We sustained progress in both customer satisfaction and cost management despite the unexpected operational implications and added costs of re-routing vessels around the Cape of Good Hope. To provide the best possible service during times of high volatility and low visibility, we leveraged our hub terminals and invested in additional capacity and equipment to mitigate disruptions. Still, the situation presented significant challenges for all Ocean customers. We were pleased that our handling of the situation was recognised as the best in the industry, reflected in a 28% improvement in customer satisfaction over the course of the year. At the same time, our focus on cost management, productivity improvements and efficient asset utilisation helped mitigate cost pressures and ensure operational resilience.During the year, we welcomed seven new dual-fuel methanol vessels to the fleet, while alsoprogressing on our fleet renewal programme with an order of 800k TEU of new capacity, comprising 50-60 dual-fuel vessels, scheduled to enter into service between 2026 and 2030. These vessels will replace end-of-life ships and will be a combination of owned and time-chartered vessels, ensuring flexibility while maintaining ownership of essential tonnage. Industry expectations point to a multi-fuel future, and we are preparing to manage a fuel portfolio that supports our network while aligning with the transition toward low-emission energy solutions. Vessel re-routing around the Cape of Good Hope increased emissions, which combined with inflationary pressures impacting the demand for lower-emissions transport, underscored the need for regulatory solutions to drive a timely transition.In early 2024, we announced the Gemini Cooperation, our network of the future, which was officially launched on 1 February 2025. Throughout the year, we focused on preparing for the implementation of this new modular network designed to move our customers’ cargo in a more reliable and efficient manner. The network is enabled by our own hub terminals, supported by investments to ensure fast and efficient transhipment. Once fully phased in, we will reduce stops per loop by approximately 40% and shorten loops by around 15% in terms of sailed miles, ultimately leading to improved asset turnover. The higher asset turnover translates to increased flexibility in the deployment of our fleet, while the new network also enables further reductions in our overall cost base. With an aspiration of 90% reliability in the Gemini network, we are significantly improving quality for customers and strengthening our end-to-end logistics offerings.We continued to make progress in our Logistics & Services business, addressing the operational challenges in Ground Freight and Warehousing that marked the beginning of the year. We experienced good momentum across our product portfolio and regions, with increased volumes and new customer wins. This resulted in an improved EBIT margin, reaching 3.6% for the full year 2024. The higher profitability was driven particularly by stronger performance in our most integrated end-toend service, Lead Logistics, as well as favourable rate developments in Air and operational efficiency gains across all products. We enter the new year with a logistics business that is stronger and more resilient at its core and remain committed to work towards achieving our EBIT margin target of above 6%. During 2024, we concluded the integration of LF Logistics, with 10,000 colleagues and 155 warehouses fully incorporated into the Maersk network. Not only did we retain all key clients, we also attracted new customers along the way and strengthened our global contract logistics capabilities through the adoption of the Maersk Warehouse Management System. APM Terminals delivered record revenue, achieving an impressive 16% year-on-year increase, driven by higher volumes, tariffs and storage income. Volume growth led by significant increases in North America and the restored operations at our Mumbai terminal helped offset challenges in the Red Sea region. This strong performance combined with disciplined cost management boosted the EBIT margin to 29.8% and drove a return on invested capital of 13.5%. The strength of our terminal business was further supported by the renewal of key concessions in Santos, Brazil, and Aqaba, Jordan. Meanwhile, we continued to invest in growth, including two greenfield projects in Brazil and Croatia, expanding the portfolio of world-class gateway terminals.	As we enter 2025, we face a year of continued geopolitical change and potential instability, but also one offering significant opportunities to advance our strategic intent. We are confident in our ability to further strengthen our foundation and provide our customers with a competitive advantage by delivering flexible logistics solutions capable of navigating highly transformative times. We extend our heartfelt thanks to all A.P. Moller - Maersk colleagues worldwide for their tireless efforts and steadfast commitment to supporting our customers and advancing the development of our company through ever-changing circumstances. Our gratitude also goes to the Executive Leadership Team and the Board of Directors, with a special welcome to Allan Thygesen, who joined the Board in 2024. Finally, we extend our deepest gratitude to our customers.