The lingering pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the energy crisis in Europe and the ensuing economic downturn have impacted our way of life, financial markets and global supply chains. These challenges, and those of the last several years, have underscored the fact that A.P. Moller - Maersk fulfils a deep purpose in the world — for society, our customers and our employees. To embed this societal contract in the heart of our business, we articulated and introduced a company purpose in 2022 to inspire and unify our global team.Our Purpose, improving life for all by integrating the world, is the reason we strive to deliver a more connected, agile and sustainable future for global logistics. It’s what gets our more than 110,000 colleagues up every morning. Underlying our Purpose are our long-held values, and while our values remain constant, we refreshed and revitalised them in 2022 to ensure their continued relevance in the context of a changing world. One of the clearest examples of our values in action was in our response to the tragic war in Ukraine.Keeping our colleagues safe has been our first priority in the conflict. We managed to evacuate all colleagues and their families who wanted to leave conflict zones in Ukraine — 148 people in total. After deciding to leave the Russian market and divesting our operations and assets, we also did our upmost to take care of our Russian colleagues. Finally, we have worked closely with UN partners and global humanitarian organisations to provide extensive aid and relief to millions of displaced people in Ukraine through our logistics bases in Poland and Romania. Our humanitarian efforts are evolving as the conflict continues.Our record 2022 results across ocean, logistics and terminals have been accentuated by extraordinary market conditions, supply chain disruptions and congestion. These multifaceted challenges have led many of our customers to rethink and redesign their supply chains — some for the first time in years. Our transformation efforts to become the integrator of global logistics positioned us well to support our customers through these periods of volatility. As supply chain management moves up our customers’ strategic agenda, A.P. Moller - Maersk has earned a seat at the table for more long-term planning focused on connected end-to-end solutions. Our commitment to our customers has led to record-high NPS results in 2022, which is part of an ongoing story of continuous improvement since the start of the pandemic in Q1 2020. We have also seen a 21% organic revenue growth in logistics and customers who are affirming our strategy by growing their ocean business with us. As we enter 2023, we are strongly positioned to solve our customers’ current supply chain needs, as well as their future needs for even more resilient, transparent and climate- neutral supply chains.Extensive parts of the logistics industry have fallen behind the technology revolution of the last decade. Our aim is to contribute with technology solutions that allow us to digitise, integrate and decarbonise global supply chains. To achieve that, we are connecting physical assets with the digital world, leveraging the power of digital platforms, IoT and data. Our vision is to use this rich data set to provide end-to-end visibility across global supply chains that allow our customers to make the best possible decisions for their businesses. Specifically, we are striving to not only provide insights into our customers’ supply chains, but also offer recommendations and actions for how supply chains can and should be optimised in the future. However, to truly reshape our industry, we will need continued collaboration and standardisation across all parties involved throughout supply chains.In 2022, we accelerated the net zero emission targets to 2040 from 2050. We have also set ambitious targets for 2030 and have implemented decarbonisation plans for all our products. This decade must be the decade of action if we are to avoid a climate catastrophe. The main challenge in decarbonising global shipping remains the availability of green energy and fuels in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. To address that, A.P. Moller - Maersk ordered a new series of container ships with engines that will be powered by green methanol fuel. We also entered into strategic partnerships with nine companies in 2022 with the intent of sourcing at least 750,000 tonnes of green fuel per year by the end of 2025. We have also engaged in dialogues to explore opportunities for large-scale green fuel production in Spain and Egypt.We are honoured to work alongside all our colleagues around the world. Their truly remarkable efforts have kept trade moving sustainably under very challenging conditions. We would also like to thank the Board of Directors and the executive leadership team for the support and many contributions throughout the year. In particular, we express our gratitude to Søren Skou, who retired as CEO of A.P. Moller - Maersk in December 2022. During his tenure as CEO, Søren was instrumental in redefining A.P. Moller - Maersk as a customer-centric end-to-end logistics provider and a leader in sustainable transportation solutions. A thorough succession planning process ensured that the CEO role was transitioned successfully to Vincent Clerc by January 2023. As we enter the new year, with a challenging macro outlook, we remain highly devoted to finding solutions for our customers. With increasingly complex and fragmented global supply chains, we continue to do our upmost to serve their needs. And we thank them for their trust in our services.	