Danfoss is more relevant than ever. We see that companies, cities and countries around the world are again starting to plan for the future and are looking for reliable, tried-and-tested technology partners. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact, especially during the second quarter. Since day one of the pandemic, our priority has been to keep our people safe, support and service our customers, and then flex our cost to the new reality. Our people have been extraordinarily resilient, adapting to new ways of working, whether at home or at our production sites. With their extraordinary efforts, we have been able to safeguard our strategic initiatives and investments in the future. Despite the volatility and topline impact, we can again deliver a strong financial result. This demonstrates the resilience of our strategy and business model as well as the commitment and determination of the Danfoss team. Together with a record cash generation, a low debt and significant investments in the future, we are standing strong and ready for the future. 2020 was also a very transformational year. We have continued to step up investments to further strengthen our core business, building our digital and software offering, and a leading position in electrification. There were several highlights that I would like to mention. With the agreement to acquire Eaton Hydraulics, we will take a significant step forward and become one of the global leaders in mobile and industrial hydraulics. We look forward to welcoming 10,000 new colleagues to Danfoss. Furthermore, we combined the Heating and Cooling segments into the new and globally leading Climate Solutions segment, providing the broadest and most innovative portfolio of solutions for our customers to enable the green transition. Also, our electrification pipeline continued to grow significantly in 2020. Another important highlight is our momentum in the implementation of our One ERP platform: enabling the best-inindustry Digital Customer Experience going forward. Finally, our investments in R&D increased to 4.6% and we have a historically strong innovation pipeline ready for the future. Our customers want their partners to be innovative and need technology that works in the real world. With our new setup and significant investments in the future, Danfoss can be an even better partner to our customers going forward. The new setup also entails an increased focus on developing our regions and localizing further. Across our business, we have a huge potential to contribute to the global and regional climate goals. This is essential to our future success and therefore we also revised our ambitious sustainability targets for Danfoss in 2020. We are committed to decarbonizing our global footprint by 2030 and have set ambitious targets, and actions, to achieve them. We will continue to report on how we continuously improve our climate footprint and will extend our robust approach to include our entire value chain by setting science-based targets during 2021. High-performing diverse teams are our foundation and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment in the company and to continuously improving diversity, defined as various generations, genders, nationalities, backgrounds, and individual characteristics. We have set ambitious targets to improve gender diversity to 30% female leaders in 2025. To conclude 2020, despite the many COVID-19 pandemic challenges, it was a transformational year with significant investments in the future. This will continue in 2021. I would like to sincerely thank our customers and partners for the great cooperation, and the Danfoss team for the engagement, dedication and outstanding teamwork that made everything possible.