We have never seen better opportunities for Danfoss. Our momentum is clearly reflected in our 2021 annual results: Danfoss has delivered the best results in our history, and we are in a strong financial position. There are several significant highlights demonstrating the transformation and our commitment to long-term growth that strengthen our core business: We started the year by launching Danfoss Climate Solutions. This new segment holds leading positions within sustainable and energy-efficient heating and cooling technology and solutions for buildings, cold chains, industry, and infrastructure with significant further growth potential. In August, we closed the acquisition of Eaton’s hydraulics business. We welcomed 10,000+ new colleagues and created one of the leading and most innovative mobile and industrial hydraulics companies in the world. With this, Danfoss Power Solutions provides unmatched systems capabilities within mobile and industrial hydraulics, fluid conveyance, electrification, and software. We strengthened our position in electrification and the automotive, marine, and off- and on-highway industries, where we saw significant growth and a fast-growing pipeline. Our Danfoss Drives segment benefitted from the increasing demand for hybrid and fully electric drivetrains and marine industries. The strong momentum is also reflected in record results for both top- and bottom-line growth, robust cash flow, and a healthy balance sheet, despite the acquisition of Eaton’s hydraulics business. We saw growth across all segments and regions. Sales reached EUR 7.5 billion, up 29% against 2020. Growth was driven by very strong demand for our energyefficient products and solutions, leading to organic growth of 18%, as well as added sales from the acquisition of Eaton’s hydraulics business. EBITA was up 34% against 2020, leading to EBITA margin of 12.8% against 12.4% last year, despite components shortages and inflationary cost increases on raw materials and freight. We made record level of investments in innovation, capacity expansion, and digitalization, including One ERP, which will significantly improve how we serve our customers. And we reached our 2030 target of doubling the energy productivity in our factories globally – nine years ahead of time. What makes me most proud is how our teams have continued to navigate the pandemic and significant supply chain challenges and, at the same time, delivered a transformational, record year. Unfortunately, these significant challenges affected our service to customers. Furthermore, all three business segments were impacted by inflation. We continue to do everything we can to serve our customers, and we continue our high investments in capacity expansion, innovation, and digitalization of Danfoss. Our top priority remains the health and safety of our team. Therefore, we are proud that Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF) ended at a record-low level of 1.7 – demonstrating our safety-first approach. At the same time, the employee engagement score continued to rise during 2021. In 2022, Danfoss is taking a big and bold step to put sustainability at the core of our strategy. The ambitions are clear, and our targets have been submitted and are being validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). With the new ESG targets and ambitions, Danfoss is ready to take greater responsibility for the planet and our people. Looking towards 2030, Danfoss aspires to leading positions within Decarbonization, Circularity, and Diversity & Inclusion. You can read more about our sustainability results and ambitions in this integrated Annual Report. In June, we have a unique opportunity to showcase our costeffective technologies when the IEA holds its Annual Global Conference on Energy Efficiency in Sønderborg, home to Danfoss. The IEA has invited leaders from all over the world to be inspired before they revisit their Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) to increase climate action. I would like to sincerely thank our customers and partners for their cooperation and the Danfoss team for their engagement, dedication, and outstanding teamwork that made everything possible.