2022 was a year of great contrasts. Despite significant challenges, Carlsberg delivered strong results and increased cash returns to shareholders. During the year, our business was impacted by the horrible war in Ukraine. We remain deeply disturbed by the human tragedy unfolding there. Throughout the year, our first priority was the safety and wellbeing of our Ukrainian colleagues, whose resilience, courage and strength continue to make a profound impression on everyone at Carlsberg. The war led us to take the very difficult decision to seek a full disposal of our business in Russia. We deeply regret the consequences of this decision for our more than 8,000 employees in Russia, many of whom have been loyal and valued members of the Carlsberg family for many years.Despite the immense challenges faced by our business in the past three years, the financial health of the Group remains very strong. Organic revenue growth in 2022 was 15.6%. This was supported by a diminishing impact of COVID-19 in most markets, and subsequently very good recovery of the on-trade and price increases during the year. Operating profit grew organically by 12.2% despite the increase in commodity prices and energy costs, and our decision to increase marketing investments. Reported operating profit amounted to DKK 11.5bn. Free cash flow was DKK 9.9bn and ROIC improved by 270bp to 15.2%. Read more about the Group’s financial results on pages 29-32. Continuous uncertainty and volatility were a fact of life for our business in 2022. In early March, we had to suspend our earnings guidance for the year due to the considerable uncertainty posed by the war in Ukraine. Six weeks later, we reinstated guidance and, thanks to early reopening of breweries in Ukraine and better-than-expected performance in many markets across our regions, we were able to increase our earnings guidance twice – in August and October. As a result of the strong business performance and financial position, the Group increased cash returns to shareholders. In March, we paid a total dividend of DKK 3.4bn, and during the year we bought back shares amounting to DKK 4.4bn. More information on cash returns to shareholders can be found on page 40.2022 marked the year when our SAIL’22 strategy came to an end, having successfully guided our journey since 2016. Setting sail for the next five years, we launched our new strategy, SAIL’27, in early February. As its name suggests, SAIL’27 builds on the very strong foundation of SAIL’22. Going forward towards 2027, we are sharpening our focus, making distinct choices for our portfolio, markets, execution and winning culture, and raising our financial ambitions. Within a month of the launch of SAIL’27, the world and our business changed dramatically due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Despite the consequences of this, our business fundamentals remain strong, and our ambitions and priorities for SAIL’27 are unchanged. We also remain confident in our ability to deliver on our top- and bottom-line growth ambitions. Read more about SAIL’27 on pages 19-25.In August, we launched our enhanced ESG programme, Together Towards ZERO and Beyond (TTZAB), addressing the environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics that impact our stakeholders and our business most significantly, with milestones set for 2030 and 2040. With TTZAB, we aspire to achieve net zero carbon emissions across the entire value chain by 2040 – supported by new ambitions and targets within agriculture and packaging – and we also raise our ambition levels and sharpen our targets for other topics, such as water, responsible drinking, diversity, equity & inclusion (DE&I), human rights and community engagement. TTZAB is embedded in SAIL'27 as a key mechanism for mitigating risks, accomplishing strategic objectives and demonstrating our company's purpose through concrete targets, actions and results. Read more about TTZAB on pages 24-25, and in detail in the ESG Report.On 10 November, we celebrated Carlsberg’s 175th anniversary, which symbolically coincided with International Quality Day. We can reflect on 175 years of pursuing better – with a pioneering spirit, curiosity and a quenchless thirst for progress. We have always looked to brew beers that exceed consumer expectations each time – and we will continue to do so. This can only be achieved by excellent people, and we are proud to pay tribute to our excellent colleagues in all markets and functions for their great work and outstanding efforts in living the spirit of our founder and our purpose of brewing for a better today and tomorrow every day. In 2022, we further intensified our DE&I efforts. Diversity is in our DNA. Our employees cover demographics far and wide – across nationalities, cultures, religions, sexuality, ability and beliefs. We believe that nurturing a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce will support our company performance and help us achieve our financial ambitions. We have therefore set time-bound targets for 2024 and 2027, which will be included in the variable remuneration for management. Long term, our ambition is to have at least 40% of the under-represented gender – currently women – in senior leadership roles. Read more about our DE&I efforts on page 23 and in detail in the ESG Report.At the end of 2022, we said farewell to our CFO, Heine Dalsgaard. We want to thank Heine for his significant contribution to the Carlsberg Group during his time with us, not least his relentless efforts to embed our Funding the Journey culture with its focus on cost and cash. We were very pleased to welcome Ulrica Fearn as our new CFO from 1 January 2023. Ulrica brings strong international financial experience from multiple senior positions in global companies and industries, most recently as CFO of Equinor in Norway. Prior to that, she had 19 years of experience in the beverage industry. During the year, Leo Evers, who was EVP, Asia, left the Group. He was succeeded by João Abecasis, then Chief Commercial Officer. The role of Chief Commercial Officer is currently being filled by Søren Brinck, EVP, Strategy and Digital.2023 will be another challenging year. We will need to increase our prices to offset continued increases in our costs. While beer historically has been a resilient consumer category, the higher prices in combination with the general high inflation may have a negative impact on beer consumption in some of our markets, particularly in Europe. In addition, the development of the war in Ukraine and the impact on our business and the COVID-19 recovery in China remain highly uncertain. We will address these challenges by leveraging our strong commercial programmes and well-embedded performance management systems, tools and capabilities, while maintaining investments in our SAIL’27 priorities and ambitions to drive long-term profitable growth. In addition, we will benefit from our diversified geographical footprint, including our exposure to growth markets in Asia.Once again this past year, we were impressed by the high level of engagement and commitment from the Group’s employees, and we would like to say thank you to each and every one of them. In particular, we want to acknowledge our long-suffering colleagues in Ukraine. We greatly appreciate the continued support and trust shown to us by our shareholders. We also extend our thanks to all suppliers and customers for their cooperation during 2022, and express our gratitude to our consumers around the world.