We delivered solid results in a year impacted by a challenging trading environment across our regions. Organic revenue growth was 9.2%, driven by a strong 10% revenue/hl improvement. Operating profit grew organically by 5.2% despite our cost base being subject to continued inflation throughout the year and increased commercial investments. The reported operating profit of DKK 11.1bn was impacted by the strengthening of the DKK against a number of key currencies, resulting in reported development of -3.2%. Free operating cash flow was DKK 7.5bn and ROIC was 14.5%. Despite the weakening consumer sentiment in Europe and Asia during the year, and bad weather in many markets during the important summer months, we were able to upgrade our earnings expectations twice – in May and August. Thanks to the strong financial health of the Group, we were also able to step up our commercial investments in the latter part of the year in support of our long-term growth opportunities. The Group’s financial results are presented in full on pages 30-33.Our capital allocation principles are unchanged (see page 10). We will remain disciplined in our allocation decisions to ensure the right balance between continued short-term delivery and building the right long-term profitable growth profile of the business. Our leverage of 1.47x was well under our target of below 2x, and as a result of the solid business performance and financial position the Group continued its share buy-back programme. During the year, we bought back shares amounting to DKK 3.2bn. In addition, in March we paid a total dividend of DKK 3.7bn, equivalent to 48% of adjusted net profit from continuing operations in 2022. At the Annual General Meeting in March 2024, the Supervisory Board will recommend a dividend of DKK 27.0 per share for 2023. The dividend per share is unchanged compared with 2022 and equals a payout ratio of 49% of adjusted net profit for continuing operations.The war in Ukraine continued to impact our business. The health and safety of our Ukrainian colleagues remain our first priority. We are deeply saddened by the continued hardship and challenges endured by our people and the population in Ukraine. Because of the war, we announced the sale of Baltika Breweries – our Russian business – in June. Shortly afterwards, a presidential decree temporarily transferred the management of the business to a Russian federal agency. This step by the Russian authorities had several implications, including the full impairment of the Russian business in the Carlsberg Group’s accounts. Read more on page 40.2023 saw a changing of the guards. After eight years at the helm of the Carlsberg Group, Cees ’t Hart retired at the end of August. Cees leaves behind an impressive legacy, having delivered outstanding results during his tenure. We want to thank Cees for his significant contribution to Carlsberg, and to wish him all the best for the next chapter of his life. Jacob Aarup-Andersen joined Carlsberg as new CEO in September, and Ulrica Fearn joined the Group as new CFO in January 2023. The Supervisory Board is convinced that we have the right team on board for the next stage of Carlsberg’s value-creating growth journey.Our strategy, SAIL’27, was developed by a broad group of leaders and colleagues from across the Group in late 2021 and early 2022 – before the war in Ukraine and subsequently high inflation. Because of these significant events, in addition to COVID-19, our focus in the past few years has been on managing these shorter-term challenges. With the impact from these major disruptions decreasing, it is now time to sharpen the longer-term focus on, and ensure sufficient investments in, our future growth. Consequently, the Executive Committee and extended leadership team conducted a review of the SAIL’27 priorities in late 2023 and early 2024, leading to the refreshed Accelerate SAIL strategy. We have increased our ambition for top-line growth to 4-6% (previously 3-5%) to be achieved by accelerating support for the most important strategic growth levers, including our premium beer brands, Beyond Beer products and specific geographies. We will also further strengthen our capabilities, including digital, to build an even more efficient, competitive and scalable company. Read more about Accelerate SAIL on pages 19-20.Our ESG programme, Together Towards ZERO and Beyond (TTZAB), is an integral part of Accelerate SAIL. TTZAB focuses on 11 areas, which were identified through an assessment of the most material environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics for our business. This year, we reconfirmed the relevance of these topics through our first double materiality assessment. As part of TTZAB, we have ambitious targets and commitments. These enable us to tackle global social and environmental challenges while supporting our licence to operate and our ability to brew better beers now and in the future. We recognise that the hardest work is ahead of us, and we will need to challenge ourselves to be able to succeed in our TTZAB ambitions. In September, we published the results of the 2022 assessment of our full value chain emissions, confirming that we have achieved a 16% reduction in the relative value chain emissions per hectolitre of beer produced compared with 2015. Read more about our ESG programme and how we will achieve our targets on pages 24-27, and in detail in the ESG Report.We are a purpose- and value-driven organisation where respect, responsibility, integrity and caring about each other lead the way, and where we win as a team. We believe that the foundation for sustained success rests upon fostering a high organisational heartbeat and a strong organisational culture that integrates diversity, equity & inclusion (DE&I). We are committed to nurturing our inclusive culture, to treating our people with fairness, honesty and kindness, and to making Carlsberg a workplace where everyone belongs and can be at their best. In 2023 – one year ahead of schedule – we reached our target of 30% women in senior leadership roles. We will continue to drive the DE&I agenda and encourage you to read more about it in our ESG Report.This past year, we were again impressed by the high level of engagement and commitment from the Group’s employees, and we would like to say thank you to each and every one of them. In particular, we want to acknowledge our long-suffering colleagues in Ukraine. We greatly appreciate the continued support and trust shown to us by our shareholders. We also extend our thanks to all suppliers and customers for their cooperation during 2023, and express our gratitude to our consumers around the world.