2024 was a year of major events at Carlsberg, including the launch of our refreshed strategy and several acquisitions. It was also a year when our business was impacted by a challenging environment in some of our major markets. Despite challenging consumer environment in many markets, our teams achieved organic volume and revenue growth of 0.4% and 2.4% respectively. As part of our refreshed strategy – Accelerate SAIL – we want to restore gross margins to pre- COVID levels over the coming years, and we were pleased to see positive progress already this year, with a 120bp improvement in gross margin. Part of this improvement was reinvested in the business in support of our key growth categories and markets. Despite the higher level of commercial investments, organic operating profit grew by 6.0%. It is testimony to the financial strength of the Carlsberg Group that we have the capacity to invest in the business and, at the same time, continue our long-term earnings growth trajectory. Read about the Group’s financial results on pages 28-35. We are committed to our capital allocation principles, outlined on page 11. We increased our financial leverage target following the exit from Russia and the increased exposure to hard currency cash flows. In March, we paid a total dividend of DKK 3.6bn, equivalent to 49% of adjusted net profit in 2023. At the Annual General Meeting in March 2025, the Supervisory Board will recommend a dividend of DKK 27.0 per share. The dividend per share is unchanged compared with 2024 and equals a payout ratio of 49% of adjusted net profit for continuing operations. During the first half of the year, we bought back shares amounting to DKK 2.0bn. We stopped our share buy-back programme upon announcing the recommended offer for Britvic plc on 8 July, but we will have a sharp focus on deleveraging our balance sheet as fast as possible, getting to below 2.5x NIBD/EBITDA by the end of 2027 at the latest. In February, we launched Accelerate SAIL with ambitions to grow revenue organically by 4-6% (CAGR) and to grow operating profit ahead of that. To deliver on this ambition, we have set clear priorities for where and how we will grow our business. See page 6 for more information on how we will achieve our growth ambitions and pages 20-27 for more detailed information on the Accelerate SAIL growth levers. In addition to the higher growth investments, we also need to ensure the engagement and motivation of our more than 30,000 employees. Their support of Accelerate SAIL is key for us to deliver on our growth ambitions. “The Supervisory Board is confident that Accelerate SAIL – through its focus on growth opportunities in key markets and categories, commercial execution, cost optimisation, and the new growth culture principles – will set up Carlsberg to deliver top- and bottomline growth.” Henrik Poulsen, ChairAn important element of Accelerate SAIL was therefore the launch of a structured growth culture programme, operationalised through five principles. These were developed by the extended leadership team (our global top 90 leaders). To ensure commitment to the growth principles, they will be embedded in our people performance evaluation and remuneration. We are very pleased with the excited reception of the growth culture and principles by our people, which gives us confidence that, together, we will deliver results in line with our growth ambitions. In addition to our refreshed strategy, we announced several acquisitions during the year that will strengthen the Group and be supportive of our growth ambitions. The two most significant transactions were the acquisition of Britvic plc in the UK and the buyout of the partners in our businesses in India and Nepal. We are also excited about the further expansion of our global partnership with PepsiCo through the bottling franchise in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan from 1 January 2026. Read more about the acquisitions and the extended partnership with PepsiCo on pages 6-7. Any future capital allocations towards inorganic opportunities will of course be subject to rigorous analysis to ensure long-term value creation and returns for our shareholders. In December, following the removal of the Russian presidential decree, which transferred Baltika Breweries to the temporary management of the Russian Federal Agency for State Property Management, we sold our shares in the company to two long-standing Baltika employees. As part of the agreement, Baltika Breweries transferred its shareholdings in the businesses in Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan to Carlsberg, and we settled all outstanding legal disputes. Given the circumstances, we believe that this deal was the best achievable outcome for our employees, our shareholders and the continued business. Our ESG programme, Together Towards ZERO and Beyond (TTZAB), is an integral part of Accelerate SAIL. The programme focuses on the most material environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics impacting our business. We are working hard to deliver on the bold ambitions set out in TTZAB – from targeting a net ZERO value chain and sourcing all raw materials from regenerative agricultural practices by 2040 to replenishing all the water we consume at our breweries in areas with high water risk by 2030. We are pleased with the progress achieved in 2024, including a decline in our absolute brewery carbon emissions of 58%, compared with our baseline year 2015, and four new water replenishment projects in China and Laos. Within our ZERO farming footprint ambition, we were excited to expand our sourcing of regenerative raw materials to Denmark, joining France, the UK and Finland, where we have also started the transition to regenerative agriculture practices. While we are on track to deliver on our ESG ambitions, we recognise that we still have significant work ahead of us if we are to succeed in our TTZAB ambitions. In this year’s Annual Report, we are for the first time reporting in accordance with the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the corresponding European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). See the sustainability statement on pages 52-110. We welcome this opportunity to enhance corporate transparency and reporting by ensuring standardised, comparable and reliable sustainability disclosure. We will seek to continuously develop our external reporting in the coming years as interpretation of the standards and guidance evolves. Our sustainability reporting is based on a double materiality assessment as required by the CSRD. The assessment confirmed that TTZAB focuses our actions and commitments in the areas that are most material for our business and our stakeholders. During 2024, we strengthened our Executive Committee (ExCom) to align our top management team with the priorities and ambitions of Accelerate SAIL. In June, Esther Wu, then Vice President, Integrated Information Technology in the Asia region, was appointed Chief Information Officer. In August, Yves Briantais joined Carlsberg as Chief Marketing Officer from a global executive vice president position at Colgate-Palmolive, and Susanne Skippari joined the Group as Chief Human Resources Officer from a position as Executive Vice President, People and Communications and member of the Executive Board at Kone. In September, Søren Brinck, then Executive Vice President (EVP), Group Commercial and Strategy, took over responsibility for the Western Europe region following the retirement of Graham Fewkes. Anders Røed, then Managing Director of Brasseries Kronenbourg, our French business, was appointed Chief Strategy and Commercial Officer. At the end of the year, Lars Lehmann, EVP, Central & Eastern Europe and India left the Group to pursue a CEO role in another company. Lars will be replaced by Nikos Kalaitzidakis no later than March 2025. Meet our ExCom on pages 4-5. Although Graham will continue as special advisor to the Group CEO, we want to thank him and Lars for their significant contribution to the Carlsberg Group during their long tenures. On behalf of the Supervisory Board and ExCom, we would also like to take this opportunity to thank the Group’s employees. We are continuously impressed by the engagement and enthusiasm of colleagues across the business and their reception of Accelerate SAIL. We are confident that we have the winning brands and the capabilities, energy and determination to deliver on our growth ambitions. We also extend our thanks to all suppliers and customers for their partnership, and express our gratitude to our consumers around the world.