COVID-19 presented significant challenges for our customers, people and business. We are proud of the great commitment of all our employees, which contributed to the resilience of the Group. During the year, our top priority was the health and wellbeing of our employees, while at the same time taking the required actions to protect the health of our business. Throughout the year, our on-trade customers in particular were severely impacted by the pandemic. We were impressed by the tremendous resilience and flexibility of our people, which allowed us to stabilise the business, support our customers and help societies. Read more about our wider response to the COVID-19 challenges on pages 12-14, including our specific actions in relation to societies and customers.The significantly strengthened performance of the Group in recent years was a key prerequisite for the high degree of resilience – in terms of our organisation and people, our financial position and our portfolio – which helped us navigate through the uncharted waters of the pandemic.Early on, we were able to build on and adapt the way we work as a company. From the central office, we provided clear direction to the regions and markets with three priorities: protecting the health and safety of employees and maintaining service to customers; protecting operating profit and cash; and ensuring our readiness for better times. Subsequently, we empowered our country management teams to translate these priorities into local action plans – recognising that while the pandemic was global, government and consumer responses were very local. Across the Group, our employees showed a high degree of flexibility and engagement, quickly adapting to the changing market environment and operating conditions, and finding safe and efficient ways of working. Be it in markets or functions, everyone went the extra mile, despite working under very difficult circumstances. We are confident that being a purpose-driven company with a high level of employee satisfaction and engagement was crucial for our ability to navigate through these uncharted waters.As early as the beginning of the year, when COVID-19 hit China, we turned the focus onto reducing costs and preserving our top line. Regarding costs, we were able to leverage OCM, our well-established cost management system, to identify and execute cost savings. In terms of top line, our on-trade customers suffered and we saw a major channel shift – from on-trade to off-trade and e-commerce. Due to the lower volumes and the negative price/mix, revenue declined organically by 8.4%. Thanks to our cost reduction efforts, the organic decline in operating profit was confined to 3.1%, while reported operating margin increased by 70bp to 16.6%. In April, we suspended our full-year guidance for organic growth in operating profit due to the high level of volatility and uncertainty. In August, we issued a new guidance and, thanks to the resilience and strong performance of our global organisation, subsequently upgraded our guidance twice – in September and October. We entered the crisis with a strong balance sheet and an organisation skilled in proactive cash management. By maintaining focus on all elements of working capital and reducing non-essential CapEx, and supported by good earnings, we delivered a solid free cash flow of DKK 5.1bn. Our strong financial position enabled us to carry out inorganic transactions, including the acquisitions of Marston’s brewing activities in the UK, Wernesgrüner Brewery in Germany and the purchase of the Brooklyn brand rights in our markets. We also merged our businesses in China, see page 23. Furthermore, we made significant cash returns to our shareholders. In March, we paid a total dividend of DKK 3.1bn, and from January to mid-August our share buy-backs amounted to DKK 2.9bn. On 5 February 2021, we initiated a 3-month share buy-back programme of DKK 750m. Read more about the share buy-back programmes on page 26. At the Annual General Meeting on 15 March 2021, the Supervisory Board will propose a 5% increase in the dividend to DKK 22.0 per share and that 2.9m treasury shares be cancelled.In recent years, our SAIL’22 choices have improved the strategic health of the Group and made our markets and product portfolio more resilient. We have rationalised and strengthened our brand portfolio, and today we have an attractive portfolio of categories and brands, as showcased on page 10. In particular, our investments in and focus on building the craft & speciality and alcohol-free brew categories have delivered strong growth. Craft & speciality grew by 1%, despite the category being more skewed towards the severely impacted on-trade channel. Alcohol-free brews grew by 11%, supported by increased awareness of health and wellbeing among consumers, possibly fuelled by the pandemic.Our strategic priorities (see pages 30-34) remain valid and will be instrumental for our growth aspirations, although we expect the challenges and uncertainty of 2020 to continue for some time to come. Consequently, we are taking steps to reorient the company for the sustained uncertainty. There are two elements to this. Respond is focused on being ready for and responsive to changes in consumer and customer demands. Reset addresses our cost base to align it with the changed market environment. Unfortunately, as part of this we have had to depart with good colleagues. Read more about Respond and Reset on pages 13-14. We are continuing to drive progress towards our ambitious targets in our sustainability programme Together Towards ZERO. To ensure the right focus for our activities, in 2020 we updated our materiality assessment and carried out a comprehensive water risk assessment in partnership with WWF. Recognising the impact of climate change on our business, we have become a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In this report, we take the first steps in disclosing climate-related risk to our business, using the TCFD framework. As part of our annual reporting suite, along with the Annual Report and the Remuneration Report, our Sustainability Report contains a wealth of data, insights into our achievements to date and our future plans, a summary of which can be found in this report on pages 6 and 33-35.At the Annual General Meeting, the Supervisory Board will propose Henrik Poulsen, former CEO of Ørsted, as a new member. The Supervisory Board will also propose that Henrik Poulsen become Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, replacing Lars Fruergaard Jørgensen. Lars Fruergaard Jørgensen will remain as a member of the Supervisory Board. In addition, Domitille Doat-Le Bigot has notified the Supervisory Board that she is not standing for re-election at the Annual General Meeting.We will remember 2020 for the significant challenges presented to everybody by COVID-19. We are deeply impressed by the high level of engagement and commitment of our colleagues during the year. We want to take this opportunity to say thank you to each and every one – current employees and those who unfortunately had to leave the Group. We would also like to acknowledge our shareholders for their support and trust during the year. Finally, we would like to thank all our suppliers and customers – not least our highly-challenged on-trade customers – for their cooperation during the difficult times in 2020. We will continue to support our on-trade customers the best way we can and we hope for a brighter and more cheerful 2021. 