Dear shareholders, The year 2022 will be remembered as one of the most challenging years the world has seen in decades. In addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, soaring inflation, disrupted supply chains and rising interest rates have all challenged the global economic outlook. At Coloplast, we make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs. This is our mission. In this challenging year, the company continued to outperform the market and to make progress on the Strive25 strategy. We delivered another year with a solid set of results. My belief is that effective boardrooms are built on a foundation of collaboration, respect and trust. I also place great emphasis on strong collaboration between the Board and the Executive Leadership Team. This past year, the Board has engaged extensively with management on navigating inflation, COVID-19 in China and the fallout from the war in Ukraine. We have an ongoing dialogue on key strategic topics, including innovation, digitalisation, sustainability, culture, M&A and successful execution in our key focus markets – the US and China. We must ensure that the decisions taken today support Coloplast’s long-term value creation for all stakeholders – consumers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. Let me now highlight two key developments from 2021/22. First, the acquisition of Atos Medical, a company that is a strong fit for Coloplast in all the parameters – mission, strategy and financial performance. Atos Medical is market leader in the laryngectomy segment, which in many ways resembles Coloplast’s chronic care segments: Ostomy Care and Continence Care – their market leadership position, innovative product portfolio, long-term partnership with healthcare professionals and a consumer focus. Market penetration across geographies is low, and the opportunity to expand coverage to benefit many more patients is significant. Atos Medical is a growth option that supports Coloplast’s long- term growth agenda and value creation. The acquisition was financed with a corporate bond, issued in May with significant demand. Second, Sustainability remains on top of the Board’s agenda. I firmly believe that sustainability is a key competitive advantage, and we must ensure that Coloplast stays ahead of the curve. At Coloplast, we have always aspired to act responsibly. As part of Strive25, Sustainability has been elevated to an enterprise theme, backed by significant investments. The climate crisis is one of the most urgent issues of our time. We must act now. At Coloplast, we are committed to ambitious science-based climate action. In June, our carbon emission reduction targets were approved by the Science Based Target initiative. This is recognition that the targets across our production and valuechain are consistent with the reduction required to keep global warming to 1.5??C. Inclusion and Diversity is another area that I feel passionate about. In 2021/22, we welcomed a new Board member, Annette Brüls, who brings invaluable executive management experience from the global medical device industry. I am pleased to say that we now have a balanced gender distribution among the shareholder-elected Board members. Today, I am pleased to present our Annual Report, Sustainability Report and Remuneration Report. The Annual Report looks back on another year with negative impact from COVID-19, especially in China as well as inflationary pressure on input costs, a topic which continues into next year. In spite of these challenges, Coloplast once again delivered solid performance and earnings growth. In conclusion, based on our company’s financial performance in 2021/22, the Board of Directors will propose a total dividend of DKK 20.00 per share at the Annual General Meeting in December 2022. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Coloplast’s Executive Leadership Team for guiding the organisation through this uncertain environment. A big thank you also goes to our employees for their hard work and dedication to the company and our mission. The commitment shown by our over 14,500 employees worldwide is truly admirable. I would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued trust and support. Despite the external challenges, the last couple of years confirmed the resilience of Coloplast’s business model and our position as one of the best performing medical device companies in the world. We continue building the consumer healthcare company of the future and helping millions of people with intimate healthcare needs. Dear shareholders, At Coloplast, we work to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs. This year, we continued to help more than two million users. We also welcomed more than 250,000 new users to our patient support programme, Coloplast® Care. Yet, many more should have access to better products, technologies and services. This is what we fight for. As the market leader, we build better standards of care, open access for more users and raise the bar with innovative products. We are making progress, but we also have more work to do. This work supports our vision to build the consumer healthcare company of the future – a company that supports patients directly and enables them to take care of themselves at home. We believe this is where healthcare needs to go to effectively meet the demand from a world ageing at an unprecedented rate. The world needs healthcare companies to enable self-care for people with chronic conditions. This is what we are building. Atos Medical acquisition A key highlight for me this past year is the acquisition of Atos Medical, a company that I have followed and admired at a distance for their work on setting the standard of care for laryngectomy patients. Coloplast and Atos Medical have many similarities: We serve chronic users, we are undisputed category leaders, and we believe in a commercial model centred on innovation, partnership with healthcare professionals, and a direct- to-consumer setup. We are also companies that serve markets where many more people should have access to better products and support. With an organic growth expected at 8%-10% and an EBITDA margin in the mid-30s, the financial profile of Atos Medical is highly attractive. The acquisition is expected to be EPS accretive starting 2022/23. Ten months into the acquisition, I am pleased to say that the attractiveness of the acquisition is confirmed, and the performance and integration are on track. I am excited to continue the growth journey of Atos Medical as part of the Coloplast family and enable self- care for people with a laryngectomy or tracheostomy. Solid 2021/22 results. Turning to the results for the year, we delivered another solid set of numbers with 6% organic growth, 31% EBIT margin before special items, and 27% return on invested capital after tax (before special items). China, a key focus market, continued to be negatively impacted by COVID-19. Elsewhere, growth is back, and the business performed largely in line with the Strive25 ambitions. The EBIT margin was negatively impacted by inflationary pressure on input costs, a normalisation of our spend post-COVID, as well as continued investments in innovation and growth initiatives. Strive25 – Sustainable Growth Leadership. Let me share a few highlights from our Strive25 strategy around innovation and growth. First, innovation. To address the key challenges users face and raise the standard of care, we continue the work in Chronic Care and are making solid progress on our Clinical Performance Programme. HeyloTM, the new digital leakage platform in ostomy care, is in pilot launches in the UK and Germany, trialled by hundreds of users. LujaTM, our new catheter platform with micro-hole zone technology, will be launched in the second half of 2022/23. In Wound Care, we have the strongest portfolio to date, and solid momentum in Europe. In Interventional Urology, we are strengthening the business through organic innovation and inorganic opportunities in attractive adjacent segments. Second, growth. As COVID-19 began to release its grip on the healthcare systems, we started to see a comeback in growth across our businesses and geographies. Once again, we grew above the market and gained market shares across all business areas. In the US, our ostomy care business delivered double-digit growth, on the back of the GPO wins and sales force expansion. In China, we maintain our strong ostomy care market share across channels despite the impact from COVID-19. The long-term potential of the Chinese market remains intact, and we remain fully committed to the market. Our Strive25 strategy is supported by key growth enablers – Efficiency, People and Culture, and Sustainability. We continue to strive for unparalleled efficiency and industry leading margins. Within our Global Operations Plan 5 (GOP5), the automation programme is largely on track to deliver FTE neutrality in 2022/23, and our second volume factory in Costa Rica opened this year. We expect around 25% of the volumes to be produced in Costa Rica in 2025, providing a more robust and global network. Despite the progress made, our GOP5 is challenged by the inflationary environment and significant increases in raw material prices, electricity prices and wages in Hungary. Finally, we continue to see a positive scale effect in our business support organisation driven by further utilisation of our Business Centre in Poland. At the core of delivering on Strive25 are our people and culture. We have a purpose driven organisation which has engaged employees who are motivated by helping our users. Despite a challenging job market, I am happy to say that the voluntary turnover level in 2021/22 was on par with last year. I am also pleased to release this year’s Sustainability Report together with the Annual Report. In 2021/22, our carbon emission reduction targets were approved by the Science Based Target initiative, a recognition of our efforts to contribute towards solving the climate crisis. I am happy that in 2021/22 we increased our renewable energy use to 72%, from 67% last year, driven by the installation of electric heating pumps at our production sites in Hungary and China. We also signed the first Power Purchasing Agreement which secures new green power for Coloplast’s electricity consumption in Denmark. Looking ahead. As we enter a new financial year, the world is in a very different place from where it was just a year ago and the list of challenges is long: war in Europe, inflation on the rise globally, a pandemic still ongoing in parts of the world, disrupted supply chains, and increasing interest rates – to name just a few. Coloplast is not immune to these challenges. Inflationary pressure on energy prices in Hungary and raw material prices pose a headwind to our margin outlook for 2022/23. Inflation is challenging because we operate in an industry where a large share of sales comes from reimbursed categories, limiting our ability to pass on the inflationary pressure. Despite the near-term challenges, I remain fundamentally optimistic about our future. Coloplast is a long-term growth company with industry-leading profitability. We remain one of the best- performing medical device companies in the world. Across our business areas and geographies, I see a lot of unmet user needs and untapped market potential. With our robust commercial model focused on innovation, partnership with healthcare professionals and direct-to- consumer setup, we are well positioned to continue the journey of building the consumer healthcare company of the future. Finally, I would like to say thank you to all my colleagues at Coloplast for their continued commitment and hard work in another challenging year. I would also like to thank our customers and investors for their confidence. 