Dear shareholders, 2020 was a year marked by the COVID- 19 pandemic which left no one untouched. The resulting challenges reinforced our resolve to continue working towards our mission of making life easier for people with intimate health care conditions. This is what defines us, and this is what drives us forward. As a company we aspire to emerge stronger from the crisis as well as continue to build the consumer health care company of the future. With the full support of the Board of Directors, the Executive Leadership team has focused on delivering the final year of the LEAD20 strategy. I am proud to conclude that our LEAD20 strategy successfully accelerated growth and value creation – delivering value to all our stakeholders. One of my key priorities since becoming Chairman of the Board has been to broaden the scope of the Board’s strategic work to ensure Coloplast maintains its position as the market leader. The key task at hand this year was to develop a new strategy for the company. In my role, I continue to firmly believe that effective boardrooms are built on a foundation of collaboration and trust. I also place great emphasis on the strong collaboration between the Board and Executive Leadership. This year, this played out through the successful collaboration on the company’s future strategy. Together with my peers on the Board of Directors and Executive leadership, I spent a significant amount of time discussing the strategic direction for the company for the next five years and beyond. We placed an emphasis on the key strategic themes including innovation, digitalisation, sustainability, as well as the path towards successful execution in two of our key markets, US and China. M&A as a potential avenue for growth is more prominently placed on the agenda. Coloplast’s new Strive25 strategy was announced to the market at the end of September along with ambitious long- term financial targets of 7-9% organic growth and more than 30% EBIT margin. With Strive25, I am confident that Coloplast will strike the right balance between continuity and renewal to capitalise on growth opportunities and secure sustained growth above the market. To prepare for the delivery of the Strive25 strategy, the Executive Leadership Team was expanded from four to six members. In line with the company’s strategic objectives, Executive Leadership has been strengthened within two key areas, Innovation as well as People & Culture. Strive25 will drive value creation through Sustainable Growth Leadership. As businesses evolve, the biggest challenge of many companies is to ensure smooth leadership succession and cultural continuity. Through elevating People & Culture to the Executive Leadership level, we have taken a further step to address this challenge. I believe that sustainability is central to corporate competitiveness and a company’s continued ability to operate. Respect and responsibility are core values to us, and Coloplast has always aspired to act responsibly. Coloplast has been committed to the UN Global Compact since 2002, and we are also committed to contributing to the success of the Sustainable Development Goals through collaboration wherever relevant. As part of Strive25, sustainability is now an integral part of our company’s strategy. Environmental concerns top the global risk list, and Coloplast will take key steps towards reducing our environmental footprint. To serve as the basis for our new sustainability strategy, Coloplast has systematically assessed our impact on the Sustainable Development Goals. Our main contributions are on ‘Good Health and Well-Being’, ‘Responsible Consumption and Production’ and ‘Climate Action‘ (SDGs 3, 12 and 13). Today, I am pleased to present our Annual Report, which looks back on a turbulent year. Despite delivering the company’s lowest organic growth rate in decades, it is fair to conclude that this year confirms the strength of Coloplast’s business model to deliver solid performance and earnings growth even during the most challenging times. Most importantly, our products have continued to help make life easier for people with intimate health care conditions. In conclusion, based on our company’s financial performance in 2019/20, the Board of Directors will propose a total dividend of DKK 18.00 per share at the Annual General Meeting in December 2020. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Coloplast’s leadership team for steering the organisation through this difficult environment. A crisis year during which the company found the right balance between looking after the company’s employees, customers, shareholders and community. Once again, thank you to our employees for their hard work and perseverance. I would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your trust and support. Dear shareholders, This year has been one of the most challenging years in our company’s history. As this year draws to a close, I feel proud and optimistic about the future. I am proud of how our company and employees have managed the impact of COVID-19. Optimistic about our future which holds many opportunities for growth. Few anticipated the severity and speed with which COVID-19 impacted the global population in early 2020. Through strong global crisis management, we swiftly put all the necessary measures in place to keep our people safe, continue to serve our customers and maintain business operations. I would like to thank everyone in the company for assuming this responsibility. I also want to express my gratitude to our clinician partners for their dedication to serving patients during this challenging time. There are many stories to share. In March, our home distribution business in Italy was able to get products to users in areas under full lockdown.Coloplast donated Comfeel® products to health care professionals to wear under face masks to prevent pressure injuries. Practically overnight, following the outbreak, we set up our consumer teams remotely from home and we have been able to service and talk to our end-users exactly like we did before the outbreak. At the height of the pandemic, around 6,000 employees found effective new ways of working from home. At Coloplast we are building the consumer healthcare company of the future. We have built a model that reaches users at scale. Through Coloplast Care & Direct to Consumer, we are present in over 30 countries with a consumer setup. We make more than 3 million calls with consumers a year and now have around 2 million consumers in our database. We have direct distribution in our five largest markets. Through the COVID-19 crisis, this robust set-up allowed us to continue to engage in dialogue with consumers and secure product delivery. At Coloplast we have built one shared infrastructure, one ERP system and one CRM system, which allowed us to act fast and remotely, maintaining service levels throughout the busiest days our company has ever seen. I remain fundamentally optimistic about the future. Coloplast is a growth company with a long-term view. We operate in attractive underlying markets growing 4%-5% which is driven by demographics and increasing health care standards in emerging markets. We continue to see numerous growth opportunities across business areas and geographies. The COVID-19 crisis will pass and we aim to emerge as a stronger company. A key priority this year was to deliver the final year of our LEAD20 strategy and develop a new strategy for the company. We can firmly conclude that our LEAD20 strategy has successfully delivered revenue growth, earnings and cash returns. This year, we delivered 4% organic growth, a 5% increase in EBIT and a 46% ROIC. In a very challenging year, these are respectable numbers. With user needs at the centre, we have launched innovative products. However users still face challenges, which is why we initiated our Clinical Performance Programme in Chronic Care. We have made progress on key technologies and run clinical studies, but we still have more work to do in the next strategy period before these products are ready to launch. A key milestone for me this year was engaging with our organisation and the Board of Directors in our strategy process leading up to the announcement of our new strategy Strive25 in September. Strive25 will drive value creation through Sustainable Growth Leadership with a clear emphasis on innovation, US and China. We continue to set ambitious targets for long-term value creation through revenue and earnings growth. Strive25 will deliver 7-9% organic growth p.a. and an EBIT margin of more than 30%. The strategy will be backed by annual incremental investments of up to 2% of revenues in innovation and commercial initiatives to fuel growth and sustain long-term competitive advantage. We will also actively pursue M&A opportunities to build growth options. To deliver on Strive25, we have set ourselves up differently. We have welcomed two new members to the Executive Leadership Team, Nicolai Buhl Andersen and Camilla G. Møhl, strong leaders with strong followership who will drive our important Innovation and People & Culture agendas. 