Dear shareholders, and China. Let me highlight two key areas. As I write this letter, the world continues to grapple with the COVID-19 pandemic that has impacted us all, professionally and personally. At Coloplast, our mission continues to guide us. We are here to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs – today and tomorrow. As the impact of the pandemic wanes across the world, we see a path to recovery and continue to focus on building the consumer healthcare company of the future. We launched a new corporate strategy last year, Strive25, and despite the challenges presented by COVID-19, I look back on a year in which the company delivered solid results and took market shares across all business areas. As a company, we continue to strive towards long-term value creation for all our stakeholders – consumers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. In my role, I continue to firmly believe that effective boardrooms are built on a foundation of collaboration, respect and trust. I also place great emphasis on the strong collaboration between the Board and the Executive Leadership Team. One of my key priorities since becoming Chairman of the Board has been to broaden the scope of the Board’s strategic work. Over the past year, the Board has engaged extensively with management on navigating the impacts of COVID-19 as well as key strategic topics, including innovation, digitalisation, sustainability, culture, M&A and successful execution in the US First, our strategy must evolve as the marketplace changes. To name a few key developments, COVID-19 has accelerated the digital transformation and introduced new ways of working that will have large ramifications in the years to come. COVID-19 has also put pressure on input costs which will be a key topic going forward. Second, Sustainability is on top of the Board agenda. I firmly believe that sustainability is key to corporate competitiveness and a company’s continued ability to operate. The Board is committed to addressing these concerns and to providing the adequate disclosure and transparency necessary to assess our progress. At Coloplast, we have always aspired to act responsibly. As part of Strive25, Sustainability has been elevated to an enterprise theme backed by large investments. The climate crisis is one of the most urgent issues of our time and we must act now. At Coloplast, we have taken key steps to advance our environmental commitment. I strongly support the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures and encourage other business leaders to join the effort. As outlined in our Remuneration report, to underline our commitment to climate action and ensure solid progress, executive remuneration will be linked to climate-related non-financial metrics. Inclusion & Diversity is another area that I feel passionate about. In 2020, I became Chairman of the DI (Danish Industry) Committee on Diversity. Most recently, as part of the company's inclusion and diversity efforts, Coloplast has signed the Confederation of Danish Industry's Gender Diversity Pledge, committing to a target of a 40/60 gender distribution in management and our Board of Directors by 2030. During the year, Coloplast undertook an independent Board evaluation to assess whether the board’s composition, dynamics, operations and structure are effective for the company and its business environment in the short and long term. The review identified future development areas and also highlighted areas of strength. At the Annual General Meeting in December, the Board will propose the election of a new Board member who has extensive commercial experience from the US market. Today, I am pleased to present our Annual Report, which looks back on another challenging year due to COVID- 19. Despite a significant negative impact on growth in our chronic care business due to the pandemic, it is fair to conclude that this year once again confirmed the strength of Coloplast’s business model to deliver solid performance and earnings growth even in tough times. Most importantly, our products have continued to help make life easier for millions of people with intimate healthcare conditions. In conclusion, based on our company’s financial performance in 2020/21, the Board of Directors will propose a total dividend of DKK 19.00 per share at the Annual General Meeting in December 2021. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Coloplast’s Executive Leadership Team for guiding the organisation through this difficult and fast-moving environment. Once again, thank you to our employees for their dedication to the company and our mission. 2020/21 was not an easy year. The commitment, which has been shown by our approximately 12,500 employees worldwide, is truly humbling. I would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued trust and support. Dear shareholders, At Coloplast, we work to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs. By listening to the people who use our products – users as well as the nurses and specialists who care for them – we get a better understanding of their needs and challenges. That knowledge inspires our innovation. This approach has brought us close to our customers. It has allowed us to deliver pioneering products and made us one of the best performing medical device companies in the world. We’re very proud of that. But we have more work to do. This year year, I am proud to say that we helped more than 2 million chronic users. Our key focus has been to keep our employees safe, continue to serve our customers and maintain business operations. As we enter a new financial year, the world is still experiencing disruptions as a result of the global pandemic and its long-term effects will continue to impact us. But I am confident that the pandemic will also have lasting positive implications. I am fundamentally optimistic about our future. Coloplast is a long-term growth company. We operate in attractive underlying markets growing 4-5% driven by demographics, increasing health care standards in emerging markets and innovation. We continue to build the consumer healthcare company of the future with a strong commercial model based on category leadership through innovation, strong partnerships with clinicians and a large-scale direct-to-consumer setup. The pandemic has validated our model. COVID-19 has accelerated digital trends. What we have witnessed over the past year is an acceleration of the digital transformation and we will not run our company the same way again. Triggered by the pandemic, healthcare professionals have been profoundly impacted by the shift to remote work, our employees found new ways of working and consumers became reliant on strong digital offerings. Coloplast has responded in turn and invested in digital tools, data security and artificial intelligence that will help us excel in a more digitised environment. Solid 2020/21 results Despite COVID-19, we delivered a strong set of numbers with 7% organic growth, 33% EBIT margin before special items and 45% return on invested capital after tax (before special items). COVID-19 had a large impact on our chronic care business, but on a positive note, the growth in new patients is recovering. Our smaller business areas, Interventional Urology and Wound & Skin Care, made a strong recovery this year as elective procedures and hospital activity resumed. Across all business areas we once again gained market shares. The strong EBIT margin was supported by the successful execution of our Global Operations Plans. We continued to invest in innovation and commercial growth initiatives, in particular in the US and China, as well as digital initiatives. Importantly, our employees remained engaged and our most recent employee engagement score was again above the benchmark. Last year, we announced our new strategy, Strive25, with a clear emphasis on growth and innovation, US and China. Growth will be fuelled by incremental investments of up to 2% of revenues annually in innovation and commercial initiatives across all business areas. We will also actively pursue M&A opportunities to build growth options. A few highlights from the first year of Strive25: First, innovation. We aim to set the standard of care in the categories we compete in. With user needs at the centre, we have made progress on our Clinical Performance Programme in Chronic Care. The programme marks the start of an important transition to outcome-based innovation, which forces us to think differently and which will be key over the next decade as our healthcare ecosystem becomes increasingly value based. We need to demonstrate value to wider sets of stakeholders including consumers, clinicians and not least payers. Clinical evidence, data and demonstrating value will be critical. In Wound Care, we have strengthened our product portfolio with the launch of Biatain Fiber. In Interventional Urology, we have taken steps to build new growth options into the pipeline through the acquisition of Nine Continents Medical, an early-stage technology company within the overactive bladder market. Second, growth. It has been a tough year for healthcare systems. Despite challenging market conditions, we made key progress on our commercial growth agenda. In Chronic Care, we seek to continue to drive growth above the market with a strong contribution from our US and emerging market regions. In the US, we achieved a key milestone by securing access to the largest Ostomy GPOs. In China, we have initiated a large project with hundreds of ostomy nurses aimed at raising standards of care for ostomy users. In Poland, reimbursement for hydrophilic catheters has been significantly improved for adults and children with neurogenic bladder and is now on par with the European standard of care. This important step forward will help thousands of people to lead more dignified lives. Our new strategy is supported by key growth enablers, including Efficiency, People and Culture and Sustainability. We continue to strive for unparalleled efficiency and industry leading margins. Our ambitious 3-year Global Operations Plan 5 is off to a solid start. Our extensive automation programme is on track and our first volume factory in Costa Rica opened this year. Our second volume factory in Costa Rica will open next year. By the end of Strive25, Costa Rica is expected to produce 25- 30% of our global volumes, ensuring that we have a more diversified global production network. We also continue to see a positive scale effect in our business support organisation driven by the further utilisation of our Coloplast Business Centre in Poland. However, we also see headwinds from pressure on input costs, mainly from wage inflation in Hungary and increasing raw materials costs. A purpose driven culture with the focus on Sustainability. At the heart of delivering on Strive25 is our people and culture. The pandemic has been tough on all employees. As societies open again across the world, we are reconnecting with our colleagues. We are united around a strong purpose, but the pandemic has led to lasting changes in how we work. To succeed in this new environment, we are discovering new ways of organising and leading, along with new approaches to recruiting, developing and engaging employees. We have also set clear goals on diversity for all leaders in the company. We all need to make this a priority. I am very pleased to release this year’s Sustainability Report together with the Annual Report. Last year, Coloplast made Sustainability an enterprise theme. We have set a number of ambitious targets to support the UN Sustainable Development Goals and to reduce emissions from Scope 1, 2 and 3 in line with the Paris agreement to limit global temperature rise to 1.5°C. By submitting targets for validation to the Science-Based Targets initiative, we have increased transparency across our entire value chain. Our environmental sustainability initiatives are supported by investments of up to DKK 250 million over the strategy period. We are acting now. Despite a challenging year, I remain optimistic about our future which holds many opportunities for growth. I want to say thank you to all the employees at Coloplast for your continued commitment to build our company and deliver on our mission. I would also like to thank our customers and investors for your confidence. 