Vestas continued its positive trajectory in 2024, although the year did not evolve as we expected. At a macro level, geopolitical uncertainty continued to cause disruption for societies and businesses, including ours. At an operational level, Vestas did not perform as expected in certain areas, but through strong execution and progress in others we are pleased to have achieved our outlook for the year and sustained our industry leadership. Once again, Vestas was stronger leaving the year than entering it. Our progress in 2024 was driven by our relentless focus on value over volume, combined with improved execution. Our energy solutions proved their competitiveness yet again, highlighting the value of extending product life cycles and accelerating industrialisation. Indeed, these measures are key to maintaining a profitable pathway during uncertain times. They were certainly instrumental to the tremendous turnaround in our Power Solutions business, where our profitability increased 6.1 percentage-points year-on-year, despite quality not being where it needs to be. Our Offshore business continued to grow with 4.6 GW of order intake, while Development also contributed significantly to Vestas' earnings. Our Service business, however, had a challenging 2024, battling rising costs that required an organisational and cultural recalibration. We remain focused on our strategy and delivering on our promises, and our 2024 results will help to lay the foundations for shareholder value creation. Our goal is to ensure that investment in Vestas delivers stable profits that are returned to our shareholders through dividends and/or share buybacks. While the geopolitical landscape remains uncertain, globalisation also continues to be pushed back by nationalism and protectionism, creating new coalitions that impact business operations as well as trade and logistics. Nationally and regionally, the political focus on security, competitiveness, self-sufficiency, and affordability have reached levels we haven't seen in decades. This environment presents both an opportunity and a challenge for renewables. Wind energy is pivotal in this context, because it lowers energy prices, builds energy independence and helps to meet growing energy demand across the globe. Compared to previous years, climate goals have become a peripheral driver for investments, replaced by security or cost-of-living concerns. These shifts have also made energy and renewables a divisive topic in public discourse where opinions and decisions aren't necessarily based on what we know, but on what we believe. Counterintuitively, the criticality and politicisation of increasing energy supply can cause hesitation to invest in new capacity or adjust policy frameworks. This made 2024 challenging for clean energy companies as projects got delayed or withdrawn, especially for enabling technologies like PtX and storage. Our industry must therefore continue to mature, and developers and OEMs should let what cannot stand, fail. Positively, many countries including the USA, Germany, Australia, and the UK remain focused on expanding energy capacity. However, to accelerate the build-out politicians must act with a long-term view. As Europe learned the hard way with its dependence on Russian gas, all kilowatt-hours are not created equal. Throughout 2024, financially and operationally we benefited gradually from improved execution and from the strong commercial culture we have built since 2021. This was underlined by our great final year, which also marked the completion of low-margin legacy projects in our backlog. Given the recent challenges experienced in Service, the turnaround in Power Solutions has perhaps not received attention it deserves, but the improvement achieved by our colleagues since 2022 is praiseworthy. Considering how 2024 unfolded, we were pleased to see our EBIT margin before special items improve to 4.3 percent, up from 1.5 percent in 2023, on a turnover that grew to EUR 17.3bn. Our combined backlog stands at a record-high EUR 68.4bn as we exit 2024. While 2024 was a disappointing year for our Service business, Service remains highly profitable and a cornerstone of our present and future value proposition to customers. Indeed, when Power Solutions struggled, Service was the stabilising factor. And although the challenges it experienced dented investor confidence, our Service organisation responded resolutely, sharpening its operational focus and organisational setup to drive stronger leadership and accountability, while enabling our technicians to work more efficiently. In Offshore, we continued to build our order backlog, including receiving our first offshore order in the USA. The commercial traction of the V236-15.0 MWª remains satisfactory, but 2024 also showed that ramping up manufacturing across several locations is far from straightforward. In 2025, we start delivering the first V236 turbines, which will entail a steep learning curve for the first projects that will impact our margin negatively. The sustainable path forward for Offshore is to industrialise to drive scale and efficiency. Certainly, we will not take unnecessary risks by entering a re-vitalised arms race or being swayed by unrealistic political aspirations. A common denominator for our success across Onshore, Offshore and Service is quality. Our quality improved throughout the year, but as we witnessed in the third quarter of 2024 and in our challenges in Service, quality issues can derail progress. And while we can see that our plans for quality are moving things in the right direction, it will still take time before we reach the level at which we should be operating. The same goes for sustainability, where we also made progress in 2024 but where it became clear we won't achieve our 2025 targets for GHG emissions, due to the impact from Offshore. However, our 2025 goals were set before we re-entered offshore wind, and the fact we won't meet them shouldn't detract from the improvements we have achieved in our sustainability performance. Key highlights include offering circular blades and low-emissions towers, converting our benefit vehicle fleet to EV/PHEV, as well as decreasing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 44 percent outside Offshore. The most important thing is the progress we make, not the bureaucratic difficulty that ESG reporting is becoming for EU-based companies. In 2024, we were also pleased with how our Development business contributed significantly to both our earnings and order intake. Development is focusing on maturing and converting our pipeline. Historically, it has generated more than 7 GW of order intake across all regions, including maturing a 270 MW project in the USA at the end of 2024. As the industry leader, organisational development remains key to our future success. An important part of leadership development is our annual Vestas Leadership Forum, which features internal and external keynotes on topical and strategic leadership. In 2024, the list of external speakers included the CEO of RWE and Volker Trucks, as well as the Chair of Maersk. We also perceive changes to both our Board and Executive Management as strengthening the future of Vestas. These changes are illustrated in the diversity of our Board, and in the fact that women account for 25 percent of our leadership roles. Overall, our strategy is working, and when we get our four business areas firing on all cylinders, we have a tremendous opportunity to help build affordable, resilient and sustainable energy systems while delivering shareholder value. The world's energy demand continues to grow through electrification, increasing living standards and new technologies such as AI, and the outlook for wind energy remains strong. As a reflection of our progress, we are pleased to return value to our shareholders by proposing payout of a dividend combined with a share buy-back. Additionally, we are pleased to pay out bonuses to our colleagues across our global operations. The path forward is likely to take further unexpected turns, which we can only address through strong partnerships across the value chain. We would therefore like to thank our customers, partners, shareholders and Vestas' 35,000 employees for their continued support and engagement throughout 2024 and the years to come.