The impetus for accelerating the energy transition was strengthened in 2022, continuing the global journey towards a sustainable era. At the beginning of the year, Vestas and the wind industry were set to bid farewell to a highly challenging period, yet also a period in which we had taken strategic steps to underline wind energy’s resilience, competitiveness, and sustainability. However, 2022 developed in a way that no one could have predicted. The energy crisis that began to materialise during the pandemic accelerated as war broke out in Europe, and inflation and electricity prices soared. As this perfect storm unfolded, Vestas and the wind industry were ready to provide solutions to address the energy crisis, but were constrained by cost increases, logistical challenges, outdated market designs and permitting processes. The industry's operational and commercial immaturity was also accentuated, which further hampered results. Under these extremely difficult circumstances, in 2022 our +28,000 Vestas colleagues showed tremendous engagement and commitment to deliver 13 GW and service 144 GW of wind turbines. At the same time, they helped our partners avoid 1.9 billion tonnes of CO2 and increased the average selling price of our wind energy solutions by 29 percent. During 2022, we made strategic progress across our four business areas: we generated further momentum within Offshore with 5 GW of preferred supplier agreements for the V236-15.0 MW™; we expanded our Development business; and we optimised our On- shore product portfolio and manufacturing footprint to reflect our market outlook, and in January 2023 we were ranked the world’s second most sustainable company. Our Service business continued to increase its contribution to our revenue and earnings with a 27 percent growth year-on-year. The Executive Management team and the Board of Directors want to thank all our colleagues and partners for these achievements, and we are pleased with how our mid- and long-term outlook improved in 2022. However, the year ended with an overall loss for Vestas, and we cannot be satisfied with our 2022 results. Based on these results, we want to say a special thanks to our shareholders for their contin- uous support throughout a challenging 12 months. Vestas pioneered the modern wind turbine more than 40 years ago. In the early days, wind energy was ridiculed and then heavily opposed before it became widely accepted as a key solution to meeting the world’s energy needs. Getting to this point has underlined just how big a revolution the energy transition is. At the time of the Kyoto Protocol in the 1990s, the threat of the climate crisis had been recognised, but progress was hampered by renewables’ dependence on subsidies back then. In the 2010s, renewables became cost-competitive in most parts of the world, but it wasn’t until 2022, when geopolitical uncertainty and rising prices put energy independence back in the political spotlight, that lofty climate ambitions began to be translated into action. In 2022, we saw, among other things, the USA introduce the Inflation Reduction Act to speed up the build-out of renewables, and the EU take steps to accelerate permitting. With around 80 GW of wind energy projects currently stuck in permitting in Europe alone, these initiatives are very welcome. They show there is growing political acknowledgement that renewables are a key part of creating sus- tainable and resilient societies. While this is a positive step forward, in order to address the urgent geopolitical, economic, and climatic challenges facing the world today, we must move faster. We must collectively acknowledge the true value of energy, and in particular renewables, which means developing a more holistic understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of different energy sources. Fossil fuels’ price volatility in 2022 accentuated the need to look at energy through a broader lens, for example valuing wind energy not only in terms of output or the avoidance of CO2 emissions, but in terms of energy independence and resilience as well. Simply put, we are way past the point where energy could or should be priced solely on its marginal cost. Importantly, governments and customers have to appreciate that the ratio in 2022 was often five-to-ten times between the levelised cost of energy (LCOE) of renewable energy solutions and the market price for electricity. The race to the bottom that energy, and in particular renewables, has been through is not the result of externalities alone, but also the industry’s immaturity. As an industry, we rushed to show we could compete head-to-head on cost, and in that process argued that re- newables would continue to reduce the LCOE. Considering what has happened since 2020, we can in hindsight conclude that creating the impression that LCOE would continue to decrease wasn’t right. However, it is now abundantly clear that we must address, as we have also already done, various market fundamentals if we want to build a sustainable and scalable industry capable of delivering a net-zero future. To facilitate an industry that is economically and climatically sustain- able, we must continue to mature the entire value chain, which starts with prioritising value over volume. To this end, we are very pleased with the commercial discipline we have shown in recent years, which has enabled us to raise the average selling price of our wind energy solutions by 45 percent since the end of 2020. To fully create the right market fundamentals, we must partner closely across the entire value chain. Through long-term partnerships, we can develop and deliver wind energy projects that are mutually beneficial for our customers and Vestas. Together with our partners in the supply chain, we can industrialise new and existing products through standardisation, modularisation, and servitisation. Strengthening the value chain will also help us address the quality challenges that continued to impact our operations and results in 2022. It will enable Vestas and the industry to make the safety improvements needed to ensure everyone gets home safely from work each day. For this to happen, we need the industry to start introducing products and services at a frequency that enables a sustainable return on invest- ment and allows the value chain to adapt. We will show this leadership and demonstrate through our actions that the time to act is now. Our ambition to create a healthier industry has been challenging and will continue to be so. We remain adamant that we must address the above-mentioned market fundamentals, and believe that our customer Net Promoter Score, which improved by 43 percent in 2022, shows we are moving in the right direction. We want to continue building a stronger eco-system with renewables, which entails having fewer and larger partnerships that play an integral part in our oper- ations and which are deeply involved in the value creation for you. 2022 did not evolve as we expected it to, but the year underlined that Vestas is on the right strategic path. To ensure we continue on this path, the Executive Management team and the Board worked closely together during the year to update and execute our strategy, which in 2023 will provide alignment and clear prioritisation in an uncertain operational environment. We must sustain our progress in Service, Development and Offshore, but making our onshore business profitable again will be essential. Our combined order backlog remains solid at EUR 49.5bn, but project profitability will fluctuate in the year ahead as we deliver legacy projects with lower pricing. As a result, keeping our pricing discipline and further improving our operational efficiency will remain key every-day priorities for our global operations and all our employees. In 2023, we celebrate Vestas’ 125-year anniversary. We are incredibly proud of the pioneering role Vestas has played in creating a pathway to a net-zero future through wind energy. The main prerequisite for us to continue leading the way is to make Vestas profitable again. The best way to mark our anniversary is therefore to get back on track towards a double-digit EBIT margin by 2025. This journey starts with becoming profitable in 2023. We want to thank all our employees, partners, customers, shareholders and other stakeholders for their collaboration and support in 2022. We look forward to creating value together and driving the energy transition forward.