We are very pleased that we achieved our overarching goal for 2023 and returned Vestas to profitability. Getting 'back in black' was our mantra for the year, and our success in taking this important first step is testament to the engagement, hard work, and expertise of everyone at Vestas. The progress we made in 2023 to achieve an EBIT margin before special items of 1.5 percent would not have been possible without the support of our shareholders, partners, customers, and other stakeholders. We are also very pleased to be able to pay out bonus to all Vestas colleagues for the first time since 2019. But our vision and ambitions go well beyond this initial landmark, and we look forward to achieving our wider goals in collaboration with you. We ended 2023 in much better shape than we began the year. The business environment in the industry improved markedly over the 12 months, and we worked our way through low-margin projects booked from 2020 to 2022. During the year, we underlined our industry leadership, demonstrating what the industry needs to do to become successful and to continue playing a key role in the energy transition. Our commercial discipline to capture the true value of our wind energy solutions was impressive, and we underscored our onshore leadership while firmly reinstating ourselves in offshore wind. Simultaneously, we continued to lead the industry on sustainability, introducing a circular blade solution, producing turbines that are expected to avoid 396m tonnes of CO?, and being named the most sustainable energy company in the world by Corporate Knights for the third year in a row. As we returned to profitability, 2023 also proved the value of continuity as we thanked our previous Chair, Bert Nordberg, for his 16 years of excellent service and leadership. Despite Bert's departure, our strategic direction and operating model remain unchanged, and continuity and clarity were key to our progress in 2023. We believe they will also be key to achieving our 2024 financial outlook, as well as reaching our long-term financial ambitions. The world is more uncertain today than many people have ever experienced in their lifetime. As a result, it is also becoming less globalised and more regionalised. For decades, stable global supply chains, energy supply and costs have been taken for granted, but today governments and societies need to rebuild energy security and stability. Wind energy can make a unique contribution to addressing this challenge, as it is sustainable, cost-competitive, fast to deploy, and independent. The world needs green and affordable energy infrastructure, and wind energy can and should be the backbone of this system. We have the solutions to succeed, but in order to scale the industry to meet the demands of the energy transition, positive political momentum needs to be maintained. The energy transition needs more policies like the Inflation Reduction Act in the USA and the EU's Wind Power Package, in which policymakers provide clear line of sight, realistic auction pricing, and faster and simpler permitting, instead of just higher climate targets. The 'say-do-gap' has grown larger in recent years, but it's very encouraging to see how governments are increasingly listening to the industry to find ways to enable faster deployment of wind and other renewables. Through this kind of collaboration, we avoid repeating the mistakes of recent years, where projects have stalled or been discontinued. In 2023, we managed significant improvements within our four business areas: Onshore Wind, Offshore Wind, Service and Development, while continuing to become sustainable in everything we do. The improvements were driven by a relentless focus on strengthening our core offerings and culture and enabling enhancements across the value chain. We underlined our technology leadership within onshore and offshore through good commercial traction that resulted in a record order intake with a value of EUR 18.5bn. In particular, our V163-4.5 MW turbine at the SunZia giga-project in the USA with our partner Pattern Energy, and our flagship offshore turbine, the V236-15.0 MWª, made a strong mark on 2023. Both turbines exemplify how we mature the value chain by leveraging modularisation and standardisation, which enable both Vestas and our partners to industrialise and scale all steps Ð from turbine design to operations to decommissioning and recycling. Another example of driving industry maturity is the divestment of our converter and generator business to KK Wind, which created a strong, global and strategic supply chain partner for the industry, as well as providing EUR 147m contribution to our EBIT from sale of technology. Over the last couple of years, quality has not been at the levels we expect, but in 2023 we began moving in the right direction, as evidenced by the improvement in our Lost Production Factor and our new Quality organisation, which leads the strengthening of our wind and value chain's quality setup and processes. We are proud of our contribution to making the industry more sustainable, and with a sustained high Customer Net Promoter Score we believe our customers appreciate our solutions and the broader responsibility we take on. Sustainability remains key to the industry's short- and long-term success, and in 2023 we made further leaps by pioneering circular blades together with our partners. We also made progress in decarbonising our operations, developing low-emission turbine towers, and winning Hollandse Kust West with our partner ¯rsted, which included sustainability criteria. For 10 years, Service has delivered solid growth and profits to Vestas. With an unparalleled 152 GW of turbines under service, as well as continued focus on streamlining the business area Ð for instance, by fully integrating Utopus Service remains a key pillar in our sustained profitability. Similarly, Development continues to be a strong originator of high-quality projects for our customers, providing returns on project and turbine sales, and contributing significantly to the achievement of our long-term targets. To keep Vestas on the right track and prepare for the future, we continue to invest in attracting, engaging, and developing our Vestas colleagues. Whether it's to employ multiple service technicians for a new giga-project, attract factory workers for the expansion of our manufacturing footprint, or develop colleagues to take on new and potentially larger responsibilities, we must continue to improve our employee experience. We retain a strong focus on talent development and succession planning, and in 2023 we ensured we reached our internal promotion goals, while expanding our diversity and inclusion efforts to include gender, nationality, and age. We are also very pleased to have welcomed Anne Pearce as our new Chief People & Culture Officer. Anne joins from Shell, which underlines Vestas' growing reputation within the energy industry. Supported by a stable and high employee Net Promoter Score, we will continue to take a strategic and incremental approach to sustaining and developing our people and organisation. The market conditions for wind energy improved significantly in 2023. But with continued geopolitical tensions starting to disturb global supply chains, Vestas and the industry aren't out of the woods yet. The political momentum and the investment appetite for wind energy continue to grow, and with sustainable products and solutions that address today's key global challenges, we are in a great position to increase our momentum in 2024. In the years ahead, we must therefore sustain strong focus and discipline. We also plan to maintain our momentum Ð especially our record fourth quarter Ð as we aim to get Vestas back on track to double-digit profitability. Our strategy is clear and has shown what we need to do to drive improvements. The industry is going through a challenging period, but still holds tremendous potential if we keep our focus and execute on our strategy in the right order, at the right pace. A big thank you to our employees, partners, customers, shareholders and other stakeholders who have supported us throughout 2023, and who will continue to create value and drive the energy transition forward, together with us, in 2024 and beyond.