In 2023, we dedicated our focus to developing Nilfisk according to our Business Plan 2026, which we launched in 2022. We invested in our growth platforms and laid the foundations for future success. We targeted the elements that will place us in the right position to create stable long-term growth. Most of our financial business metrics showed solid progress during the year. All in all, we are coming out of 2023 with a stronger platform. However, 2023 was also another year impacted by conflicts, natural disasters, and inflationary pressures affecting people, governments, and businesses all over the world. The challenges have required all of us to find new ways of navigating changed circumstances. In this environment we pursued pockets of growth across regions and customer segments. Consequently, we have delivered largely in line with our plans. We end the year with organic growth of -0.3% in 2023, in line with the latest outlook announced on November 16, 2023. Market dynamics affected parts of our business in different ways. Organic growth in the professional segment excluding Private Label was flattish, as price management was able to offset declining volumes. The effects of the economic slowdown affected demand in EMEA in the first half of 2023, while Americas saw declining demand in the second half. Growth in APAC has been solid throughout the year. The Service Business grew, benefitting from our strategic focus and solid demand. However, the progress is not fully according to our expectations. Our Specialty Business was impacted by declining demand across Americas and EMEA, leading to negative organic growth. Revenue from the Consumer Business declined organically for the full year, but growth returned in the second half of 2023. We took important steps during the year to build a strong foundation that will act as a catalyst for the acceleration of Business Plan 2026 in the years ahead. For example, in spring 2022 we changed the Americas from being a sales-only region to become a full P&L region. The new setup has proven to promote collaboration and alignment across all functions while improving customer service. In 2023 we have followed this up and created EMEA and APAC as regions with a similar setup. The regions have a clear mandate to move closer to our customers, strengthening our value creation potential. We have taken major steps in professionalizing and scaling our service offering. As a result of our initiatives, we are seeing a shift from ad hoc services to more structured services including planned maintenance. Another strategic priority in our Business Plan 2026 is to lead with sustainable products. The year 2023 was a step-forward year in terms of product vitality. Alongside the work with new product lines and platforms, we upgraded our existing products, introducing new features in both our professional and consumer ranges. The year has also been formative in developing new products that will be launched in 2024. In 2023, we invested in growth platforms and laid the foundations for future success. We continued to enhance our supply chain robustness in accordance with our business plan. Though our business in Americas was to some extent affected by longer-lasting supply chain constraints, manufacturing output in our US production facility improved gradually over the year. We invested in capacity expansion for our large Floorcare equipment, increased dual sourcing of key components, and enhanced production line efficiencies. Considering the macroeconomic environment and Nilfisk’s current momentum, Nilfisk expects organic growth for 2024 to be between 3% and 6% and an EBITDA margin before special items to be between 13% and 15%. In 2023, our sustainability efforts have become even more engrained in our core business. Our internal processes direct our teams to act in a sustainable manner. We have rolled out a new fleet policy, continuing the transition towards electric vehicles and we are installing solar panels on the roofs of our buildings. In 2023, Nilfisk was awarded a Silver Medal by EcoVadis. This result put Nilfisk in the 86th percentile among all companies reporting into EcoVadis, scoring 20 points above the industry average. We upheld our strong carbon disclosure score from CDP for the 4th consecutive year receiving a score of A-. In our Business Plan 2026, we have set a near-term target to increase the equal representation of the underrepresented gender in senior management positions. In 2023, we reached 30%, bringing us close to our target to have 34% of the underrepresented gender in top management by 2026, while pursuing equal representation by 2030. In 2023, we again donated cleaning machines to a hospital in a conflict zone in Ukraine. Torsten Türling stepped down as CEO of Nilfisk on August 17, 2023, due to family reasons. The Board of Directors appointed Deputy Chair René Svendsen-Tune as interim CEO of Nilfisk as of August 18, 2023. After conducting a thorough search process, the Board of Directors at Nilfisk announced the appointment of Jon Sintorn as new CEO on December 17, 2023. René Svendsen-Tune will stay on as Interim CEO of Nilfisk until Jon Sintorn assumes the role, which will be no later than July 1, 2024. The work continued to strengthen Nilfisk management by adding new competencies both to the board and to Nilfisk Leadership Team. We are entering 2024 with stronger management, with new board members bringing increased international experience and industry-relevant competencies to Nilfisk. This will benefit Nilfisk in both the medium and long term. We would like to thank our customers for their continued loyalty and belief in Nilfisk. We have benefitted immensely from the feedback we have received during the year of working even closer together. We would also like to extend a thank you to our shareholders for their continued support. We appreciate your dedication to us and our solutions to navigating through an unpredictable economic climate. Finally, a special thanks goes to our dedicated employees worldwide who continue to strive for excellence in everything we do. The unique Nilfisk spirit that we all feel is created by every single one of you bringing your professional skills and your dynamic personalities with you to work every day.