The year began with good momentum, with growth tracking according to plan through the first half of 2024. However, a slowdown in demand in the Americas during the third quarter affected our Professional Business, prompting an adjustment of our full-year guidance in October. After a thorough review and assessment of the trajectory against the targets, we decided to withdraw long-term targets. In 2025, we will remain focused on delivering on our guidance for the year. In 2024, we introduced cutting-edge products at major trade shows around the globe, presenting innovations that reflect our commitment to addressing customer needs. Meeting with customers and listening to them continues to drive our understanding of how we can create more value and strengthen partnerships. As we close 2024, we reflect on a year of significant milestones and challenges. Across the business, we have made measurable progress, advancing strategic priorities in product innovation and setting new benchmarks in sustainability. This year, for the first time, we are reporting our financial and sustainability progress jointly in accordance with the new Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. While the more comprehensive work of combined reporting may be new to us, we have published sustainability reports since 2016, and we welcome this opportunity to enhance transparency and comparability across companies. The year revealed notable regional differences in performance. We saw strong performance in EMEA with growth across all segments. Key drivers included robust demand in several of our large and most important segments. We also saw major wins in markets like Germany, the UK, France, and Türkiye. This highlighted the region's strength and demonstrated our strong market position. We experienced market headwinds in APAC like many other industrial companies, driven by macroeconomic challenges and geopolitical disruptions. On the back of that, our performance was lower than expected in 2024. The Americas encountered a slowdown in demand, leading to volume declines. While price management positively impacted the first half, it was not enough to offset the overall decline. In September 2024, we rolled out our global ERP system in the US. The system strengthens our digital platform and opens improved ways of working. On October 9, our high-pressure washer business located in Fort Pierce, Florida, was hit by extreme weather because of Hurricane Milton. Luckily no people were injured and there was only structural damage to the building, but the clean-up and rebuild is still affecting this site. While we saw variations in the performance across the regions, the two business units Consumer and Specialty recorded strong growth, reflecting the benefits of recent optimization efforts and a sharper focus on customer needs. Operational improvements were a cornerstone of our efforts in 2024. By lowering order backlogs and running production lines efficiently, we have enhanced delivery speed and reliability for our customers. Through strategic initiatives – including insourcing critical production, optimizing machine customization, and expanding dual sourcing – we have strengthened supply chain resilience, reduced lead times, and reduced greenhouse gas emissions in our own operations and in the use phase. Continued investment in the implementation of automation in China has also positioned us for greater productivity and long-term stability. In 2024, we further increased our R&D investments, allocating 38.4 million EUR to future innovations. The increased R&D investments that we have made over the previous couple of years yielded several positive results in 2024. We launched a range of new cleaning solutions designed to optimize every stage of the cleaning process, enhancing productivity and introducing energy efficiency features. Notable introductions included the next-generation walk-behind scrubber-dryer, SC550, redefining efficiency, the autonomous SC25, and a new compact micro-scrubber, all of which address unmet market needs. These products have been warmly received by customers, and in 2025, we will continue this momentum with further product launches throughout the year. We are also excited to welcome Eerikki Mäkinen, who joined the Nilfisk Leadership Team as Head of Products, Technology & Innovation in February 2025. Eerikki will build on Nilfisk’s strong heritage of creating iconic products, driving innovation that meets customer needs. Sustainability remains integral to our strategy, driving value for both our customers and our business with substantial advancements in 2024. We decreased our absolute market-based Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 22% compared to 2019, and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 39% compared to 2021, sending us well on our way towards our near-term sustainability targets. In 2024, we maintained a strong CDP Climate Change score of A- for the fifth consecutive year. In addition, we were given a CDP Water Security score of B-. Another important highlight is that we received an EcoVadis Gold Medal for the third consecutive year. Scoring 80 out of 100 points, Nilfisk is now placed in the 98th percentile of all the global companies rated by EcoVadis. It is our target to sustain a gold medal rating in the coming years. Furthermore, direct sustainability inquiries from existing and potential customers are increasing, in particular requests for climate and environmental data. Our customers build the foundation for everything we do, and we look forward to continuing our valued collaboration with you. Through close dialogue, we will drive innovation and create value together. Your feedback is truly invaluable, and we are excited to continue our partnership in the years to come. We would also like to extend a thank you to our shareholders for your continued support in an evolving economic landscape. And last, but not least, thank you to all our employees for your dedication and continuous strive for excellence. Moving forward, we will maintain our focus on execution and innovation to ensure a bright future for Nilfisk. June 17, 2024, marked the beginning of my tenure as CEO. I am excited about the opportunity to shape the future of Nilfisk together with our dedicated employees and valued customers. This has been a year of learning for Nilfisk, and I am confident in our ability to grasp the opportunities ahead and to navigate the challenges. To our employees, thank you for your professionalism, passion, and the unique Nilfisk spirit that powers us. Your dedication inspires me.