When 2020 began, no one expected a worldwide pandemic on the scale we witnessed during the year. By the end of March, it was already clear that the COVID-19 outbreak would have a significant impact on Nilfisk. The rapid escalation of the pandemic created an unprecedented level of uncertainty and volatility that forced us to operate our business under challenging working conditions with a low level of visibility. With vaccine programs being rolled out in many countries towards year-end, there was a glimpse of light at the end of the tunnel. But the COVID-19 pandemic has not disappeared, and it will likely continue to affect our business in 2021. We are obviously not satisfied with the overall performance for 2020, and we are convinced that our results can and will be improved. That said, we are satisfied with how we have navigated through the pandemic during 2020, and, with the actions taken, laid the groundwork for an improved Nilfisk. The pandemic forced us to act. In order to minimize costs and investments and to free up management resources during the crisis, we initiated a widescale restructuring along with strict cost control. These were necessary measures, however, despite these adjustments, our strategic direction remained intact, and we believe the transformation we have carried out over the past three years is right. The restructuring that we executed during the second quarter of 2020 was based on the global foundation that we have built during previous years, which is an important element in our transformation of Nilfisk. Many of the changes we initiated as part of the restructuring would not have been possible one or two years ago. The COVID-19 pandemic has left its mark not only on the way we work and do business, but also on cleaning in general. The value of clean has become even more evident. Nilfisk is in a solid position to benefit from this development and emerge as a stronger company on the other side of the pandemic. We will continue our efforts to develop and market innovative products, maintaining a modern and streamlined portfolio that caters to customer needs across markets and sectors. We will again improve our commercial execution to offer our customers a great experience in both sales and service to drive growth. And we will leverage our global setup to implement efficiencies across Nilfisk and maintain our position as a market leader in cleaning. I would like to thank our shareholders for your continued support and engagement in Nilfisk, especially during another challenging year marked by extraordinary circumstances. I would also like to thank our more than 4,000 employees for their continued engagement and contribution to Nilfisk, and finally, I would like to thank the Nilfisk Leadership Team for their dedication to the continued execution of the strategy and for their determination to persist with the execution despite tough market conditions. The year 2020 was a year nobody could have foreseen. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted countries, individuals, and businesses around the world. At Nilfisk, we were also deeply affected by this extraordinary situation. Even though market demand picked up after a steep drop in the beginning of the year, 2020 did not materialize as we had anticipated. As the COVID-19 outbreak escalated throughout the first quarter, we implemented extensive safety measures across our business to protect our employees and continue servicing our customers. Staying operational during the pandemic has been a key focus for us, and I am pleased to see that over the course of 2020 we have been able to continue our production, our distribution, and our sales and service activities with little to no interruption. We reacted swiftly to the new situation and disruptions in the marketplace. While balancing production output with lower demand, we focused on preserving cash by introducing strict cost management, tightly steering our working capital, and prioritizing investment. In parallel, we executed a restructuring plan with the aim of lowering our structural cost base. All in all, this allowed us to conclude 2020 in a better position than when we entered the year. We found new ways of working, utilized our resources more efficiently, and established a lower structural cost base. In the first part of the year, we saw a steep decline in customer demand across markets as restrictions and lockdowns in response to COVID-19 forced customers to scale down or temporarily close their operations. This impacted our revenue. There were large variations between customer segments and markets; among the most impacted markets were China and the southern part of Europe. As the first wave of the pandemic started to ease, we saw a gradual and steady recovery in demand patterns month by month, despite the second severe wave of the pandemic towards year-end. Demand did not reach the level from before the pandemic, however. For the year as a whole, Nilfisk realized total revenue of 832.9 mEUR in 2020, corresponding to organic growth of -11.5%. The decline in revenue led to a lower gross margin due to underutilization of our production capacity. However, through our efforts to tightly manage costs in combination with a lower structural cost base, we mitigated a large part of the negative impact from the lower revenue. Consequently, EBITDA before special items amounted to 100.5 mEUR corresponding to an EBITDA margin before special items of 12.1%. This was in line with last year despite a significant drop in revenue. One key observation from 2020 is that while navigating through this quite unusual situation, Nilfisk stayed focused on strategy. Key programs and initiatives were executed and progressed according to plan. One of these was the project to increase efficiency in our European supply chain setup, and during 2020 we went live with two new European distribution centers, leading to faster and more efficient deliveries to our customers. We also continued the execution of the growth plan for the US business and have started to see positive indications from this important market. Within our autonomous solutions we reported solid progress in the sales of the Liberty SC50 scrubber, while launching an additional autonomous scrubber, the Liberty SC60, as well as an advanced UV-C light solution that inactivates viruses and other pathogens. The Nilfisk Next strategy continues to guide the company towards its vision of leading intelligent cleaning to make our customers’ business smarter. In 2020, we have steered through turbulent waters in the marketplace, aiming to emerge on the other side of the pandemic with new learnings and as a more effective company. We see 2021 as a year where we can turn our focus even more towards commercial execution and on systematic improvements of the experience we offer our customers.