In 2021, Nilfisk returned to growth. This growth was broad-based, across regions and business segments. Organic revenue increased by 20.7%, delivering total revenue of 995 mEUR, and an EBITDA increase of 44% generated 144 mEUR. This led to an EBITDA margin before special items of 14.5%, a record level since the IPO in 2017. The year 2021 marked a fundamental recovery in our markets following the downturn in 2020. Beyond this market recovery, our initiatives to gain market share in the US and to grow with large strategic accounts yielded above market growth for Nilfisk. We are pleased to see the company achieved 2021 sales above the 2019 level. Driven by rising labor costs and a worsening labor shortage, the global market for professional cleaning equipment is a growth industry. The COVID pandemic has further enhanced the value of clean and accelerated the industry’s growth momentum. New technologies and service offerings allow for higher customer value creation. As a global market leader in the professional cleaning equipment industry, Nilfisk is well positioned to benefit from these macro trends. We see a fundamental opportunity for long-term sustainable growth and value creation. In May 2021, the Nilfisk Board of Directors announced an important change in the company’s leadership with the arrival of Torsten Türling as CEO and Reinhard Mayer as CFO. Both leaders have substantial prior experience in successfully executing performance improvement programs. This new Nilfisk leadership team is committed to improving underlying performance and generating the organic growth needed to become the recognized leader in the professional cleaning equipment industry. During the second half of 2021, the Nilfisk Leadership Team conducted a rigorous strategy review to decide on future strategic priorities. The process helped to identify untapped profitable growth opportunities, but also to reflect upon past execution shortcomings. The conclusions of the strategy review have been captured in a solid five-year business plan focused on enabling long-term sustainable growth as well as detailing the roadmap for successful implementation. At the same time, Nilfisk believes it is our fundamental responsibility to lead the way on environmental, social, and governance related matters (ESG). We have enhanced our commitment to ambitious carbon emission reductions by 2030. In addition, we have committed to wider sustainability targets on important social parameters. In this Annual Report, we are pleased to share an outline of our enhanced sustainability targets as well as the key value creation levers and the related mid-term financial targets of the new five-year business plan. The Board has made clear that strengthening the company’s capability to execute its plans is fundamental and key to success. We know this won’t happen overnight. We are, however, confident that based on the solid implementation plans substantiating the company’s growth targets and with the introduction of a meticulous execution focus, Nilfisk can build on its strong 2021 performance and achieve substantial long-term value creation. I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. Your feedback was instrumental in setting the right ambitions for Nilfisk’s future. I would like to thank our customers for their continued loyalty, and I would like to thank our employees at Nilfisk for sustaining a high level of performance and flexibility throughout 2021, which displayed the dedication to serving our customers despite the challenges of these times. On behalf of the Board of Directors. Nilfisk demonstrated a remarkable recovery in 2021, the result of a dedicated performance by our Nilfisk team members at every level. They remained dedicated to serving our customers and to finding solutions at a time of supply chain constraints, and through the ups and downs of the COVID pandemic. Nilfisk’s organic revenue growth of 20.7% outpaced the growth in the general market. It represents an actual gain in market share, most significantly in the Americas region, where our revenue grew organically by 23.8%. The year 2021 also saw Nilfisk display its technological skills. With our first large-scale rollout of a fleet of autonomous cleaning machines to a leading European retailer, we went beyond proof of concept and demonstrated that we mastered the technology and its software-related services. Overall sales growth in 2021 was constrained by the global supply chain challenges affecting many companies. Our reaction to these supply chain challenges was twofold. First, we increased production volume by ramping up internal capacity, broadening our supplier network, and expanding our inventory of material and components. Second, we announced an extraordinary mid-year price increase to mitigate the margin impact of the jump in material and freight costs. Order intake in the year far surpassed sales growth, so we ended 2021 with a record order backlog. Ensuring our ability to deliver continued growth and profitability by mitigating supply chain constraints and their margin implications remains our top short-term priority moving into 2022. The COVID pandemic created increased awareness of the value of clean among our customers. Clean has become even more business critical, since it provides the foundation for a hygienic and safe environment. This comes on top of the fundamental growth drivers of the global professional cleaning equipment industry. Despite the strong recovery in 2021, Nilfisk has fallen short of its growth ambitions in the past. Therefore, we spent a significant amount of time in 2021 reviewing our strategic priorities as well as the prerequisites for successful execution. We identified underutilized growth opportunities as well as how to overcome prior execution shortcomings. Our service business, as an example, lacked the investment necessary to compete at the level of benchmarks from other industries, while our market share, in the very large-scale and growing US market, remains underrepresented. Here we did not fully leverage our substantial local manufacturing presence and our sizable R&D competence center located in the US. On that basis, we have formulated a five-year business plan focused on enabling long-term sustainable growth. We are building a powerful execution engine that will translate strategic priorities into impactful implementation with clear metrics to track and commitments to ambitious sustainability targets. Over time this will create a strong execution culture and build new ways of working. Our broad-based strategy review process, our commitment to investing in well-defined strategic priorities, and our launch of new ways of working has brought a lot of energizing teamwork and has created a feeling of commitment and confidence across the entire organization. Sustaining this culture of teamwork and cultivating a growth mindset will be key to success in 2022 and beyond.