The devastating impact of COVID-19 on societies and economies in 2020 intensified existing challenges such as inequality and poverty. However, in times of crisis, businesses play a critical role in mobilising resources and providing solutions. Novo Nordisk has worked hard to respond to the challenges, helping people with serious chronic diseases while also supporting society on a broader scale.Novo Nordisk’s highest priority in 2020 was to ensure the safety of our employees and the uninterrupted supply of our life-saving medicines for patients. We achieved this, while also supporting society's response to the pandemic, most notably in Denmark, where our headquarter presence meant we were able to assist the government in the rapid scale-up of coronavirus testing. At the same time, our scientists continued to make significant progress in discovering new therapies of the future, while our global commercial organisation embraced an increasingly digital new reality. The world has been through one of the most difficult years in recent human history. Despite the pandemic and the turbulent business environment, Novo Nordisk took important steps towards delivering on our purpose of driving change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic diseases – a goal we are confident will translate into sustainable and profitable growth.This does not mean that the road ahead is going to be easy. The pandemic has exacted an immense economic, as well as human, cost on societies and it is inevitable that public finances will remain fragile for many years. Those fiscal constraints will put pressure on businesses that work closely with governments, including the pharmaceutical industry, and we will have to find new ways to ensure that our products are accessible to all those who need them. Beyond COVID-19, two consistent priorities were high on the Board’s agenda in 2020, namely scientific innovation and sustainability – both of which are vital to ensure the future of the company. It is therefore satisfying to see a healthy product pipeline, including the pioneering science that we consider to be the biggest contribution we can make to society. Our research is now more broadly focused as we look to deliver treatments within therapy areas adjacent to our core competencies. Specifically, this means looking beyond semaglutide, the GLP-1 molecule found in our new oral diabetes treatment Rybelsus® and the once-weekly injectable Ozempic®. We are exploring novel ways to treat a range of conditions beyond diabetes, including cardiovascular disease – the world’s leading cause of death1 – obesity and most recently also as a potential treatment for Alzheimer’s disease. In tandem with this push into new areas, we are also establishing more external alliances and partnerships to complement our in-house expertise.It is increasingly clear that society expects more from businesses as the world grapples with climate change and environmental degradation, as well as the need for greater equity in healthcare. Indeed, the pandemic has turbocharged many of these issues, with an effective alliance emerging between young people and investors that is prompting companies to pay far more attention to sustainability. At Novo Nordisk, we have been focused on sustainability for many years – but we are determined to continue to raise our game. In the past year we launched a new social responsibility strategy, Defeat Diabetes, and initiated programmes within renewable power and recycling as part of our Circular for Zero environmental strategy.Above all, 2020 underscored the need for strong corporate values and a shared sense of purpose. We are fortunate that both are well-established across our organisation, empowering our employees to keep delivering for both patients and investors, despite the unprecedented disruptions caused by COVID-19. On behalf of the Board of Directors I would like to offer my thanks to all Novo Nordisk’s employees for their hard work and commitment during the exceptional challenges of 2020; to Lars Fruergaard Jørgensen and his team for leading the company through a turbulent year in such a thoughtful and positive manner; and to our shareholders for their continued support.The COVID-19 pandemic has taken a terrible toll around the world – but the pain has not been shared equally. People with underlying conditions have been hit disproportionately hard by the virus, a fact that makes Novo Nordisk’s purpose of driving change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic diseases more meaningful than ever.Today, one in 11 people in the world has diabetes and if action is not taken to bend the curve, that figure is projected to rise to one in nine by 20451. The risk posed by COVID-19 to people living with diabetes and obesity is a clear wake-up call: we must continue to do more to tackle these diseases or risk vast future damage to millions of lives, as well as to broader societies and economies. We measure our contribution to the fight against diabetes and other serious chronic diseases in our Strategic Aspirations for 2025. Appropriately, after a year as unparalleled as 2020, and as the world acknowledges the hundredth anniversary of the discovery of insulin, the first of these is 'Purpose and sustainability'. Over the past year we have stepped up our commitment to our purpose by launching a new Defeat Diabetes social responsibility strategy. This sets out our ambition to accelerate the prevention of type 2 diabetes, provide access to affordable care for vulnerable patients in every country and innovate to improve lives. Beyond defeating serious chronic diseases, we also aspire to have zero environmental impact. In 2020, we took an important step by achieving our target of using 100% renewable power across global production – a key milestone on the road to our target of zero CO2 emissions from all operations and transport by 2030.We now also ask that by the end of the decade, our direct suppliers use only renewable power when supplying us. It has been great to see some of our largest suppliers step up and meet this target already. Despite this encouraging progress, we can only fulfil our purpose and be respected for adding value to society if we deliver on our core contribution of scientific innovation. Thanks to a strategy of targeted investment, our scientists are currently pursuing higher levels of innovation across more therapy areas than at any point in the company’s history. Consequently, I believe we are now well-positioned for success in the short, medium and long term. Within diabetes, we are further raising the innovation bar with the roll-out of the world’s first once-daily GLP-1 tablet, Rybelsus®, while at the same time working on novel insulins, 100 years after the discovery of the molecule. Our Research & Development (R&D) colleagues are also pursuing greater weight loss in obesity, and in 2020 they demonstrated the potential of semaglutide 2.4 mg in the STEP phase 3 clinical trial programme. Crucially, we also broadened our technology platforms and expanded our research into adjacent disease areas in 2020 including cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and Alzheimer’s disease – areas of huge unmet medical need and a great burden for patients, families and society alike.Our continued focus on external innovation led to the significant acquisitions of Corvidia Therapeutics and Emisphere Technologies, strengthening our positions in cutting-edge areas of cardiovascular medicine and drug delivery respectively. Commercially, 2020 was a challenging year as lockdowns reduced the time doctors spent with their patients, leading to fewer initiations of new treatments. Despite this, we expanded our leadership position in the diabetes market in terms of value, keeping us on track to reach a share of more than one third by 2025. Diabetes sales were driven by sales of GLP-1 products (Victoza®, Ozempic® and Rybelsus®), which offset mixed market conditions for insulins. We continued to help more people living with obesity, while making progress with our ambition to secure sustained growth within our Biopharm division thanks to strong demand for our growth hormone and new haemophilia products. I believe that our ability to meet the needs of our millions of patients during the pandemic in 2020 comes as a consequence of our crystal-clear purpose and long-established company values. We are far from done and have many more millions of patients for whom treatment is not accessible today. So now is the time to continue to invest in our people and in our organisation, creating an inclusive, diverse and safe working environment in which colleagues have equal opportunities to thrive and fulfil their potential. Looking to the future, I am confident that our clear corporate strategy will make us a valued partner to society as the world continues on the long road to recovery from the pandemic. In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues around the world for their agility and commitment during this most challenging of years. Special thanks must go to our partners and collaborators, without whom we could not succeed. A sincere thank you goes to our Board of Directors for their continued support and constructive challenging of the organisation. Finally, I would like to send a thank you to our shareholders for their continuous support.