We have made good progress as a company in the past year – despite the pandemic which continues to impact the world and the initial challenges in meeting the unprecedented demand for our new obesity treatment. We continued to broaden our technology platforms and product pipeline to strengthen the basis for longterm growth whilst investing significantly in expanding our future production capacity.Our long-standing aspiration of creating value for society and for our future business is more relevant than ever, given the mounting threats to people’s lives and livelihoods posed by the health and environmental challenges dominating today’s global agenda. The past two years have underscored the essential role of science in tackling these challenges, whether managing a rogue virus or reducing emissions. Continued investment in innovation is vital for patients, the future of our company and for the wider benefits we can offer to society. It is therefore gratifying to see the strides that have been made in 2021 with the launch of new products – most notably Wegovy® for obesity. Production challenges meant that we struggled to meet the high patient demand for the treatment – a situation that served to underline the vital importance of investments made in our global production capacity during 2021. The opportunity for the coming years is to execute on the commercial potential of our innovative, new treatments while ensuring that as many people as possible have access to quality medicines. At the same time, we must succeed in developing the medicines of the future. This means looking beyond our existing focus areas and our successful GLP-1 molecule semaglutide, towards other therapy areas and new technology platforms to address unmet medical needs related to serious chronic diseases. To serve more patients with high quality medicines and to continue to grow sustainably, we will evolve and challenge ourselves in how we work and innovate. This also entails combining our company’s deep in-house expertise with the best science from outside, through partnerships with other businesses, with universities around the world and with research institutions. If we succeed, Novo Nordisk will look very different a decade from now, by which time we will not only be serving people living with diabetes and obesity but also making a positive impact in new therapeutic areas. Our stable ownership structure with the Novo Nordisk Foundation as the main shareholder will help in this transition by supporting us through investment in research and development for the long-term while maintaining a focus on high quality operations and financial performance. We must also ensure that Novo Nordisk has a diverse and truly inclusive culture if we are to become a better and more innovative company. With this in mind, we have set new 2025 aspirational targets for achieving a balanced gender representation across managerial levels. We believe that this will also stimulate and inspire the work we are doing to enhance other diversity dimensions. At Board level, we are also committed to ensuring strong diversity and having the right competences to meet future challenges. In 2021, the Board was delighted to welcome the election of Henrik Poulsen, whose deep experience in corporate transformations and strong ESG credentials will be invaluable. I would also like to thank Brian Daniels and Liz Hewitt, who stepped down from the Board in 2021, for their significant contributions to Novo Nordisk. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to offer my sincere thanks to all Novo Nordisk employees for their dedication and contribution to the good operational and strategic progress in 2021; to CEO Lars Fruergaard Jørgensen and his team for their leadership and to our shareholders and other stakeholders for continued support.During 2021 we exceeded expectations – growing our business, serving more patients than ever and expanding our pipeline for long-term success. But we also disappointed patients and prescribers alike due to supply challenges that we must learn from as we look to the future.Our company’s strong commercial performance against a backdrop of continued disruption caused by the pandemic would not have been possible without the resilience and collaborative spirit shown by colleagues across the organisation and our many partners. This momentum was driven by our portfolio of GLP-1 based therapies where buoyant demand for our semaglutide-based medicines Ozempic® and Rybelsus® contributed to a total GLP- 1 growth of 28% in 2021, thereby strengthening our global leadership in diabetes in the process. Such was the demand in the US for another semaglutide product Wegovy® , that five weeks after launch, as many prescriptions were written for the anti-obesity medication as in the four years that followed the launch of its predecessor Saxenda®. This underscored the high unmet need among people living with obesity but also presented initial challenges for us in supply capacity – exacerbated when a key partner experienced issue with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) in December. Whilst we continue to focus on providing treatment to alreadyinitiated patients, we are taking steps within our global production to enable us to fully meet US demand in the second half of this year and to enable much-anticipated launches in broader markets. Importantly, we continue to reach more patients in need around the world. Our Changing Diabetes® in Children partnership, for example, has provided free, holistic diabetes care to nearly 32,000 children and adolescents living with type 1 diabetes in low- and middle-income countries. Our diabetes products now reach 34.6 million people worldwide, with more than 5 million receiving them through our access and affordability programmes. We are also doing more than ever to mitigate our impact on the environment, with a 43% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to pre-pandemic, and an action plan to drive emissions down further in transportation, which is our largest residual source of CO2. This includes converting our fleet of cars to electric vehicles, as well as working with a shipping partner to increasingly transport our products using biofuel. We have bold ambitions to diversify our product pipeline into adjacent therapy areas such as NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and cardiovascular disease, where we believe we can be among the best in the world. Our collaboration with Heartseed for stem cell-based heart failure therapy reflects these efforts and we expect to take a significant step forward by initiating the first human trials this year.Our acquisition of Dicerna, which develops RNAi-based therapies to selectively silence genes that cause or contribute to disease, demonstrates our ambition to innovate within both established and new therapy areas for Novo Nordisk. Our commitment to achieving further breakthroughs within diabetes remains as strong as ever. Driving this innovation requires creativity – something I am convinced is fostered through inclusion. To enable this, we are making Novo Nordisk a more diverse and inclusive workplace in which both new and long-serving employees have the opportunity to achieve their full potential. I would like to thank all my colleagues around the globe for their hard work and commitment during another demanding year, as well as the Board of Directors and our shareholders for their continued support.