On January 29, 2024, we successfully completed the combination of Novozymes and Chr. Hansen and came together as one leading global biosolutions partner. Novonesis combines our joint strengths and the wonders of biology, and we are set to lead a new era of biosolutions. We will continue to create powerful biosolutions for our customers and partners based on our more than 100 years of innovation and application expertise. Together, we will serve as a growth partner to our customers; a value creator to our shareholders; and a company that has a significant, positive impact on society and the planet. Two years after launching our strategy “Unlocking growth – powered by biotech,” we are delivering solid growth and earnings in a volatile market environment, clearly demonstrating Novozymes’ return to higher growth rates. In 2023, we generated 5% organic sales growth and delivered a solid EBIT margin of 25.4% before special items, reflecting the positive impact of our pricing efforts in another year affected by high input costs. Our free cash flow before acquisitions was DKK 2.1 billion, a sound cash generation considering the substantial impact of special items related to the combination. The strength of Novozymes’ diversified portfolio and end-market exposure enable us to capture growth opportunities when they arise, creating overall stability. We delivered strong double-digit growth in Bioenergy and solid growth in Household Care and Agriculture, Animal Health & Nutrition in difficult markets. Food, Beverages & Human Health and Grain & Tech Processing declined in markets impacted by inventory adjustments. We achieved these results by leveraging our broad market presence, diverse portfolio, strong innovation muscle and our robust and unique scale-up capabilities. Throughout the year, we continued our pricing efforts by engaging in dialogue with customers to capture the fair share of the value that our biosolutions bring. Meeting customer needs across both developed and emerging markets, we achieved organic sales growth of 6% in developed markets and 4% in emerging markets in 2023. We launched 18 innovative biosolutions to meet customer needs, and by leveraging capabilities across technologies and markets we launched new biosolutions including in the human health and functional foods space to enable bone strength and heart health, aid digestion and immunity, and improve plant-based foods. Through our unique innovation capabilities, we enabled our customers in bioenergy to optimize the performance of their plants and achieve higher yields. Our customers highly value the ability to diversify their revenue streams through our biosolutions, which allow them to capture more protein, corn oil, and fiber. As the market for low carbon fuels expands, we see an accelerating impact from our biosolutions for biomass conversion. In Household Care, we delivered solutions for several segments and markets, including laundry, dishwash, and fabric care. We announced an exclusive long-term strategic global partnership with Carbios to enable biological recycling of plastic waste, which reduces greenhouse gas emissions and represents an important step towards the circular economy that we so greatly need. An important achievement in 2023 was to finalize the construction of our state-of-the-art advanced protein production facility in Nebraska, U.S., which was done on time and according to plan. The site will enable us to meet the growing demand for alternative protein solutions. In 2023, we joined a new innovative consortium together with the Novo Nordisk Foundation, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and other relevant players to convert carbon dioxide into protein for human consumption. On this important longterm journey, we are committed to contributing our innovation power and biotech expertise to fight the rising global problems of food security and greenhouse gas emissions from agriculture. We also joined forces with Arla Food Ingredients to develop advanced protein ingredients using precision fermentation. The initial focus of the collaboration will be protein ingredients for medical nutrition, but we aim to expand into other segments in the future. Biosolutions are key to addressing the challenges our world is currently facing. They help tackle climate change, repair and improve broken food systems, and enable healthier lifestyles. To unleash the full potential of biosolutions and generate significant value for all stakeholders and society, we have taken an important strategic step to combine Novozymes and Chr. Hansen into Novonesis. Novonesis builds on more than one hundred years of innovation, unparalleled biotech capabilities, and the ability to deliver high quality biosolutions at scale to meet customer needs across the world. Most importantly, it has a pool of more than 10,000 talented employees, all with a passion to better our world with biology. These strengths will enable Novonesis to lead a new era of biosolutions and unlock additional growth opportunities. Short-term revenue and cost synergies will come from leveraging our commercial excellence to cross-sell biosolutions in an expanded market and from an optimized production setup, portfolio efficiencies, procurement savings and a more streamlined organization. Our unmatched biotech toolbox, diversified portfolio, and global reach will over the long term enable us to accelerate customer value creation and make us an unequalled partner to our customers. Half of Novonesis’ portfolio is focused on enabling healthier lives, while the other half is directed at enabling a healthier planet. We are better together, and the future will demonstrate the impact of our shared purpose and powerful capabilities. We are excited to have embarked on this next step of our journey as a leading global biosolutions partner. Biosolutions hold enormous opportunity for sustainable growth and will benefit societies worldwide. According to the World Economic Forum, the current addressable market for biosolutions is around EUR 15 billion, and its economic impact is expected to triple by 2040. We see significant opportunities across our portfolio to address global needs while at the same time accelerating our growth ambitions. For example, biosolutions for carbon capture, biomass conversion, plastics recycling and advanced proteins can unleash our longterm growth potential and enable a more sustainable future. We continue to advocate for biosolutions as a key enabler of a green transition across public and private sectors. In 2023, we attended the World Economic Forum, the U.N. General Assembly and COP28 to promote cross-sector collaboration for a healthier planet. We serve on the Board of Trustees of the Science Based Targets initiative and in the leadership of World Economic Forum’s CEO Climate Leaders Alliance. Positions that enable us to push for corporate climate action across sectors. In addition to our climate-related efforts, we also work on addressing challenges to biodiversity. We are committed to using nature’s resources with the utmost care to ensure that our net impact benefits nature and our planet. In 2023, we worked closely with partners to support the development of scientific frameworks for companies to address their impact on nature, and going forward, we will deepen our engagement in this space. Novozymes has walked the talk as a sustainability leader and we are proud to have achieved a 67% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from our operations, relative to our 2018 baseline, and sourced 84% of our electricity from renewable sources. These efforts are aligned with our goal of reaching net-zero emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050, targets which have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. Our scores on employee engagement and development were at 84, which was above the industry benchmark of 81. We are especially proud of this achievement during what has been a year of change at Novozymes. Diversity and inclusion also remained a priority, and we conducted several initiatives across our regions, including trainings and changing HR policies. In 2023, the share of women in senior management increased to 36%, compared with 33% last year. As a combined entity, Novonesis is well-positioned to continue the path of sustainability leadership, and we will strive to do even better for our planet and our people. We will remain committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 while nurturing diversity and inclusion and aiming to achieve gender balance across all professionals and senior management by 2030. During the past 23 years, Novozymes has made a positive mark on the world, driven by a strong and powerful purpose. We are building our future on this strong legacy and foundation. In May 2023, we announced the appointment of Rainer Lehmann as CFO and Executive Vice President. Rainer joined Novozymes in November 2023, and will be a strong partner to the whole organization as we execute on our integration with Chr. Hansen and drive our operating results to secure sustainable value creation. Rainer succeeds Lars Green, who left Novozymes in 2023. We are immensely grateful for everything Lars has contributed to Novozymes and we wish him all the best in his future endeavors. We extend our thanks to Novozymes’ Executive Leadership Team and Board of Directors for their contributions. We are deeply appreciative of the lasting impact you have had on Novozymes. We also thank our dedicated employees, customers, partners, and shareholders for their trust in and support for Novozymes and our exciting journey ahead.