While the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic lessened in 2021, changes in consumer behavior and supply chain issues have continued to affect industries in different ways. In 2021, Food, Beverages & Human Health delivered strong double- digit growth supported by good market conditions. Bioenergy's double-digit sales growth was supported by recovering U.S. ethanol production and expansion of starch-based ethanol production in Latin America, while double-digit sales growth in Grain & Tech Processing came from strong demand for ag-processing solutions and a recovery in textile. Household Care and Agriculture, Animal Health & Nutrition performed much as expected. Our organic sales growth came in at 6% for the year, and the reported EBIT margin was at a solid 26.8%. We also saw a strong free cash flow at DKK 2.9bn before acquisitions and excellent returns to our shareholders. These strong results have enabled us to make important strategic moves, such as growing our capabilities in BioHealth, and we have much to be proud of when we look back on 2021. If there is one specific takeaway from 2021 it is this: Now is the time for businesses with a sustainability platform to be focused and agile, while staying true to their purpose. At Novozymes, we live through our purpose — Together we find biological answers for better lives in a growing world. And it’s the power of that purpose that gives us the right to dream — to imagine a better world with the help of biotechnology. But for those dreams to become reality and have the biggest possible impact, we must be bold in our ambitions and continue to invest to unleash our growth potential. In an everchanging world, we need to combine a clear direction with a level of agility that can keep pace with change. That’s how we generate value for our shareholders, but it’s also how we best contribute to the world. In September, we launched Unlocking growth – powered by biotech, to meet our growth ambitions and unleash Novozymes’ full potential. With this refreshed strategy, we now have a roadmap to ensure our solutions will have maximum impact, by guiding us in how we invest, how we innovate and how we interact with our customers and partners. But a world of opportunity requires attentive prioritization: we must boldly decide what we will do more of and where we intend to invest less to ensure our resources are spent where they matter most. Ultimately, our expertise reaches far beyond enzymes. We have a world-class biotech toolbox, from enzymes to proteins and microorganisms, oneof- a-kind scale-up ability, and a global presence in more than 130 countries. We are a biotech powerhouse, and it is on this solid foundation that we are now building our future. Throughout 2021, we made important moves to better position Novozymes, and our employees showed an impressive ability to bring new innovations to market and keep our production running and delivering on time. Novozymes is a growth company, and we made significant investments and progress during the year to ensure future growth. We strengthened our commitment to alternative proteins with the announcement of a DKK 2 billion investment in a new state-of-the-art production line for advanced protein solutions in Blair, Nebraska. With this investment, we tap into the growing market need for alternative sources of protein. Meanwhile, in BioHealth, we accelerated our capabilities by acquiring a majority stake in Synergia Life Sciences Pvt. Ltd., a leading player in the field of spore probiotics and vitamin K2-7. This followed our acquisition earlier in the year of Microbiome Labs and our purchase of the Biota technology asset, which further added to our microbe innovation capability. In emerging markets, we increased our reach and achieved strong growth, for example with our yeast platform in Latin America. Our new Global Powder Center based in India will also help us to support our customers in this region on their journey towards greener detergent formulation. We made numerous exciting product launches, such as Pristine®, which helps eliminate sources of bad odor in fabrics, answering consumer calls for clothes that smell and feel fresh for longer. For poultry producers, our new protease solution ProAct 360™, launched through the DSM – Novozymes Alliance, helps them to achieve responsible and profitable production by improving animals’ intake of nutrients and ensuring greater retention of nitrogen in the metabolism of the animals, lowering nitrogen emissions to the environment. And for our customers in bioenergy, we not only expanded our yeast platform with Innova® Element for their fermentation processes, we also enabled them to make the most of new revenue streams with Fiberex® F2.5, which makes even better use of the cellulose found in corn kernels, so it can be used not only for animal feed but also for extracting corn oil and cellulosic ethanol. Over the next few years, we will continue to strengthen our understanding of our customers’ needs, for example by making key investments in customer co-creation centers in food and health. These centers will allow us to immerse ourselves in the world of our nutrition customers and better understand their needs. We will also further develop our digital offerings to customers. In 2021 alone, we launched several digital tools for different stages of the customer journey. We now offer the on-line prediction tool SmartBake®, which helps Baking customers with their fresh-keeping dosage trials by providing quick and easy access to the right enzymes and dosage. And in June, we launched Front Sight®, a digital program which provides ethanol producers with live data and real-time analytics to help dose corn and enzymes in their production processes, ensuring they can achieve higher production yields with the right support throughout the process. As a global leader and a responsible corporate citizen, we encourage and drive change across our entire value chain, including the societies in which we operate. Our solutions play an important role in helping our customers contribute to a healthier planet, but we can’t stop there; we must look beyond our solutions. We do this by setting ambitious targets, and by working together with others to drive a sustainability agenda. In shaping our strategy, we took an honest look at our operational targets and asked ourselves how we could best embrace our leadership position in sustainability. We are proud of what we have accomplished, with a 42% reduction in CO2 emissions (scope 1 and 2), relative to our 2018 baseline, and we know we can do more to set the tone in the markets in which we operate. The result is that we now aim to reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 50% by 2030, not just for Scope 1 and 2 but also for Scope 3, taking stock of our entire supply chain when measuring our impact. In addition, we commit to maximize the percentage of our sales that enables a better world, and we will report the percentage of our sales that contributes to accelerating a carbon- neutral world, transforming food systems, and enabling healthier lives respectively. This year also marked 20 years of our collaboration with the U.N. Global Compact, the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative. We were again chosen by the U.N. Global Compact as one of the few global companies to achieve LEAD status, thanks to our commitment to sustainability and our leadership in defining good practices for this. We continue to support the U.N. Global Compact in its work on climate change, such as by working with the Science Based Targets initiative, and Business Ambition for 1.5 Degrees. At COP26, Novozymes was awarded the Terra Carta Seal by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, thus being recognized along with other international corporations that have made serious and action-oriented commitments towards a better future. To ensure we can all live within the boundaries of a healthy planet, we must work together, as the efforts of many far outweigh the efforts of one. We will continue to actively advocate for change by engaging in dialogue and offering our expertise when working with organizations like the UN Global Compact, the World Economic Forum, the International Chamber of Commerce, The B Team, the UN Foundation, Business Fights Poverty, and many other wonderful organizations. Solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges also means we need to attract the brightest minds and retain the most talented people. As an innovation company seeking to catalyze change for the planet and people, we can only achieve our aim if different perspectives have a seat at the table and if their voice is heard. Therefore, we have set ourselves clear targets to drive an inclusive and diverse workforce where employees stay safe, thrive and grow, while also having the opportunity to pledge 1% of their time to community outreach. The uncertainties experienced in 2021, whether it be from supply chain issues, rising price of raw materials or COVID-19, is something our employees have handled with an incredible spirit and determination. It’s thanks to their diligence, planning and care for each other that we can look back on a year in which Novozymes delivered such strong results and kept the trust of our customers. We speak on behalf of the whole Board and Executive Leadership Team when we say that this makes us extremely proud and thankful. In 2022, we have set an organic sales growth expectation of 3% to 7%, the broad range reflecting continued uncertainty related to the pandemic situation and volatile market conditions. Going forward, we will continue to build on a foundation for growth and we will continue to invest in innovation and new ventures, our people, our partnerships, and our communities to ensure we live up to our purpose every day. We thank our employees, customers and partners for the progress we made together in 2021 and we look forward to taking the next steps on our strategic journey in 2022.