Novozymes stands on a solid foundation. We have delivered strong growth and earnings in a volatile market environment by leveraging the strength of our well-diversified portfolio, unique production capabilities and broad market presence. We are delivering on our strategy “Unlocking growth – powered by biotech”, and we are confident that we will achieve our long-term ambition of doubling our sales by 2030. We expect to unlock additional growth opportunities and accelerate our strategic ambition by the proposed combination of Novozymes and Chr. Hansen to create a leading global biosolutions partner. Together, we will be able to continue the momentum of the two companies and further leverage growth synergies from cross-selling and strong innovation capabilities. We are very excited about the potential of this combination. By bringing together these two high performing, complementary companies with a shared purpose and advanced capabilities, we can unleash the full potential of biosolutions and generate significant value for our customers, employees, shareholders and society at large. In 2022, our organic sales growth came in at 9%, and our reported EBIT margin was at a solid 26.0%, and 26.4% before special items, which are costs related to the proposed combination with Chr. Hansen. Our free cash flow before acquisitions was DKK 1.1 billion, and we are executing diligently on our strategy to provide long-term shareholder value. We delivered double-digit growth across three out of five business areas. Bioenergy saw strong growth across regions and solutions, driven by our innovative and impactful portfolio in a favorable market environment. We delivered a broad-based growth in Food, Beverages & Human Health, led by innovation, consumers focusing on healthy choices, and an environment focused on optimization. Our strong performance in Grain & Tech Processing was driven by innovation and favorable market conditions. Agriculture, Animal Health & Nutrition saw a solid performance, and Household Care was in line with expectations. Our consistent growth in 2022 shows that our strategy is more relevant than ever. It is rooted in our ability to use the power of biotech to address some of the world’s biggest challenges, while unlocking sustainable growth for our customers, our investors, societies and our company. During the year, we grew our core business and expanded into areas where we see a strong growth potential. We applied the value of our technologies across multiple application areas, especially in emerging markets where we delivered 9% organic growth. Our biosolutions were in demand as they enabled our customers to improve profitability while reducing their impact on the environment, and to deliver products that meet the growing consumer demand for healthier foods and beverages. We are very excited about the potential of the Novozymes-Chr. Hansen combination. By bringing together these two high performing, complementary companies with a shared purpose and advanced capabilities, we can unleash the full potential of biosolutions and generate significant value for our customers, employees, shareholders and society at large. We launched 26 biosolutions to meet customer needs, including our Innova® yeasts, which enable bioenergy customers to make their production processes more efficient and to maximize ethanol yields, and our Frontia® solution, which enables corn starch and sweetener manufacturers to increase yields, save energy and cut CO2 emissions. We supported our household care customers in meeting consumer needs by expanding our freshness platform and launching new biosolutions, including our Carezyme® solutions which extend the lifetime of clothes and help reduce textile waste. Through the DSM-Novozymes Alliance, we launched HiPhorius™ to help poultry producers achieve a more sustainable and profitable protein production. Using our biotech capabilities, we accelerated growth in BioHealth and Human Nutrition. We realized synergies by cross-selling and combining capabilities between our recent acquisitions and our core R&D and production capabilities to accelerate product development, scale-up and commercialization. We launched biosolutions that help consumers address digestive and oral health concerns, including BioFresh™ Clean, a unique enzymatic combination that enables consumers to clean and protect teeth, and maintain a healthy oral microbiome. During the year, we also strengthened our commercial leadership and capabilities to become an even stronger partner for our customers. We invested in new competences and equipment to co-create with our customers in the food and health space, and we have strengthened our investment in consumer and market insights to increasingly align our innovation agenda with unmet consumer needs. Due to overall input cost increases, our commercial organization also engaged with customers on pricing to ensure that we capture a fair share of value from our biosolutions. We saw a visible impact from our pricing discussions and expect this to accelerate into 2023. Our results in 2022 were made possible thanks to our employees who have shown commitment and adaptability during times of change. The Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team are proud of and thankful for our Zymers and their contribution to Novozymes’ strategy and purpose. We saw a strong pull towards sustainability in 2022. Our customers looked for ways to increase crop yields while protecting the environment, produce more efficiently, use raw materials better and reduce carbon emissions. They were also keen on improving the performance of their products to meet consumer needs for healthier and more nutritious foods and beverages. We were able to meet all these needs with our biosolutions. In the transport sector alone, we helped save 65 million tonnes of CO2 emissions in 2022 by enabling the production of low-carbon fuels – that is the equivalent of taking 27 million cars off the road. Going forward, the number of passenger cars will continue to increase, and while electric cars are gaining more momentum, low-carbon fuels will play an important role in decarbonizing transportation, including in the marine and aviation sectors. Our biosolutions also play a role in transforming food systems to ensure nutritious foods and beverages for a growing population. For example, we enable the production of tastier plant-based foods at affordable prices, including proteins produced by fermentation, which can reduce carbon emissions by up to 90% compared to animal protein. The potential is significant, and now is the time to shift from a paradigm that relies on fossil energy sources to a greener and more resilient paradigm. Novozymes is working hard to catalyze this change. Guided by our purpose “Together we find biological answers for better lives in a growing world - Let’s rethink tomorrow” we work with our customers, consumers, governments, academia and many others to enable a healthier planet. We are committed to accelerating a climate-neutral society, transforming food systems and enabling healthier lives, and more than 90% of our revenue in 2022 came from biosolutions that contributed to one or more of these three commitments. Going forward, we will continue to expand the reach of our biosolutions and maximize the percentage of our sales that enables a better world. Sustainability is in our DNA, and Novozymes succeeds by combining our financial and nonfinancial performance. In 2022, we concluded our nonfinancial milestone targets and have set new targets for 2025 for our operations, employees and society. During the year, we continued to develop our organization, nourish our culture, and ensure a thriving, diverse and inclusive community. We are very proud to have employees who are engaged, believe that Novozymes has a great culture, and who are excited about our company’s future. As a result, we achieved a score of 83 on our Zymer Spirit Index, which was +2 above our target and among the 10% highest scoring companies in an external market benchmark. We also continued to nurture a diverse and inclusive organization and achieved a score of 86 on our Nuture Diversity Index, which was in alignment with our target. Our senior management consisted of 33% women and 67% men, and we are on track to achieve gender balance by 2030. Guided by our new nonfinancial targets, we will continue to promote a workplace where employees can stay safe, thrive, grow, and contribute their worktime to community outreach activities. As a global leader, we are committed to help building a net-zero future. In 2022, we reduced the CO2 emissions from our operations by 63%, from a 2018 baseline, and we sourced 82% of our electricity from renewable sources. Additionally, we have taken bold steps to reduce carbon emissions from our entire supply chain with the aim of reaching net-zero by 2050. We are proud to be among the first companies in the world to have our net-zero target across scopes 1, 2 and 3 validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. Beyond our own walls, we engage with many stakeholders to demonstrate how biosolutions can accelerate a green transition, create sustainable growth and generate low-carbon jobs. In 2022, we participated in the World Economic Forum’s Annual Meeting, the U.N. General Assembly and COP27 to advocate for biosolutions as a means of limiting the global temperature increase and supporting a just and equitable transition to a green economy. We will keep up this important work in 2023, including by continuing to collaborate with The B Team, The World Economic Forum, the U.N. Global Compact, International Chamber of Commerce, the U.N. Foundation and many others. The world is everchanging, but Novozymes stands on solid ground. We will carry the great momentum we saw in 2022 forward into 2023, and we have set an organic sales growth expectation of 4-7% in 2023. During 2023, we will seek shareholder and regulatory approvals for the proposed combination between Novozymes and Chr. Hansen as well as prepare for the post-merger integration. The proposed combination is expected to be completed in Q4, 2023 or Q1, 2024. Guided by our purpose and strategy, we will continue to allocate resources where they have the biggest impact, and we are already exploring ways to meet future societal needs with biosolutions, such as in carbon capture and plastic degradation. By continuing to expand the reach of our biosolutions, we will unlock growth for our customers, our shareholders and our company while meeting urgent world needs. We are on an exciting journey that has only just begun. We thank our employees, customers, partners and shareholders for the trust they place in Novozymes and for our continued collaboration to rethink tomorrow, together.