There has not been a year like 2020 in recent memory. And while we did not see the sales growth we wanted, we’re extremely proud of the way our employees have handled these difficult circumstances. The advances we made during the year are a testament to Novozymes' strong purpose, culture and welldiversified business model. The COVID-19 pandemic has proven to affect industries differently, and our diversified business helped us to withstand at least some of the effects of the pandemic. In 2020, Household Care delivered solid growth driven by the rollout of the Freshness platform, growth in emerging markets and COVID-19 induced changes to consumer behavior. In Food, Beverages & Human Health, food and human health grew while beverages declined. At the same time, organic sales declined in Bioenergy and Grain & Tech Processing as COVID-19 impacts severely affected ethanol and textile production. Our organic sales growth came in at 0% for the year, and the reported EBIT margin was a solid 26.1% despite currency headwinds. We also achieved very strong cash generation with free cash flow at DKK 3.4 billion before acquisitions. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic overshadowed many things, but at Novozymes we did not lose focus on creating the best possible foundation for a business that is here for the long term. We reorganized Novozymes in September, refocusing the company around our customers and geographies. As we continue to build on our strategy, Better business with biology, this new setup leads to reduced complexity, increased accountability, faster decisionmaking and empowers our employees to a greater degree. We now organize around two new divisions, Consumer Biosolutions and Agriculture & Industrial Biosolutions, headed by Anders Lund and Tina Sejersgård Fanø respectively to better align with the very specific drivers and challenges influencing customers across the wide range of industries we serve. For years, Novozymes has been associated mainly with the production of enzymes, but the reality is that we provide a range of solutions within the biotech space. What our customers need may be an enzyme, a microbe, a yeast or even a digital solution. For example, in Bioenergy, we not only supply customers with enzymes or yeast for bioethanol production, we also have the digital tools to ensure optimal conditions for applying our solutions during our customer’s production process. We always take a holistic approach to market needs and provide our customers with the exact solution - or combination of solutions – that will help them succeed. As part of the reorganization, we aligned our regional commercial set-up and created new roles, especially in emerging markets, to get closer to where our customers are. We have also ensured a stronger regional voice in core decision-making processes. As a global company, it is vital that employees in all regions are able to accelerate decisions and offer tailor-made solutions to customers. We brought in new members to the Executive Leadership team. Claus Crone Fuglsang, Head of our Research & Development organization, and Graziela Chaluppe dos Santos Malucelli, Head of Operations, Supply & Quality, were both appointed executive vice president and joined the Executive Leadership Team this year, creating a stronger connection between the back and front ends of our company. We also announced the appointment of Amy Byrick as Executive Vice President of Strategy & Business Transformation and of Morten Enggaard Rasmussen as Executive Vice President of People, Sustainability & Brand. They will join Novozymes in April 2021, and we look forward to seeing them make their mark on these very important areas for Novozymes’ future. They will both succeed Thomas Videbæk, who will be leaving Novozymes in 2021. We are immensely grateful for everything Thomas has contributed to Novozymes during his many years with the company and we wish him well in the future. At Novozymes, sustainability is at the root of our solutions. We use biotechnology to enable our customers to deliver more sustainable solutions to society. Every day, in over 30 industries and 130 countries, our enzymes and microbes help reduce energy, water, chemical and raw material consumption, help improve performance of customer products and give people healthier and more sustainable choices for living better lives. By laying the foundation for a sound business and future growth we are, by default, also ensuring a more sustainable future for the world. In 2020, for example, we launched Taegro® in Europe and Latin America in collaboration with Syngenta, providing farmers with a chemical-free fungicide that protects fruit and vegetables from disease, thereby reducing waste in the food production cycle. We also launched Protana® Prime, a biological solution that enhances the umami flavor of plantbased products, thereby enabling producers to accommodate consumer demand for tasty, greener alternatives to meat-based foods. But our responsibility does not stop with delivering innovative, sustainable solutions to our customers. In our own production, we continue to do everything we can to reduce the negative impact of our production processes. We are proud to have ensured that, in 2020, 69% of our electricity globally came from renewable sources. We also partnered with WWF to assess and address water risks at our sites by setting up targets for the sustainable management of water in our production. These achievements are steps on our journey towards becoming even more sustainable, and we need to keep up a determined pace to honor our commitments to our customers, consumers and the world. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on many communities and, as a responsible corporate citizen, Novozymes stepped in where possible. We worked together with the Novo Nordisk Foundation to get the COVID-19 testing capacity up and running in Denmark. In other parts of the world, we made direct donations to NGOs, either monetary or in the form of essential equipment. Our primary focus during this uncertain year has been to keep our employees safe whether they were working in production, in labs or from home. Novozymes’ employees have shown so much care for each other, and we want to acknowledge what a fantastic job they have done. Through our Inspire program, our employees have also managed to reach out to their communities and help those in need, whether it be collecting funds for disadvantaged people or offering their skills to educate children virtually. The promotion of equal opportunities for all people has been on Novozymes’ agenda for many years, but we can still do more. There are always new aspects or new groups of people and backgrounds to consider when prioritizing diversity. It is important to consider diversity and inclusion in all aspects of business. That also applies in times of change, so to strengthen the collective capabilities of our dedicated employees, we set diversity criteria for everyone involved in the formation of new roles and teams during our re-organization in September. We also collaborated with America’s Job Exchange to reach a more diverse pool of candidates with our job ads, and we set up focus groups with employees to discuss where we are, where we want to be, and how we intend to get there. A truly diverse workforce will contribute to driving change and building a thriving culture. We want to thank all our stakeholders for what we were able to achieve together in a year unlike any we have ever seen before. In times of change, everything is magnified, whether it is your weaknesses or your strengths. This year has proven to us that Novozymes has strong partnerships with customers, a resilient portfolio and committed employees who are able to adapt and be innovative in challenging times. That’s a great foundation from which to grow. We expect that we will return to growth in 2021, supported by a more streamlined organization, stronger commercial presence, innovation, as well as a gradual recovery in those areas adversely affected by the pandemic. Based on this, we have set a sales growth expectation of between 2% to 6% in 2021, provided we do not see another extended global lockdown. We look forward to working with our customers to find, develop and champion sustainable solutions to the challenges we all face.