At ISS we want to make a difference to the success of our customers and the lives of our employees. In 2020, that difference was made abundantly clear during the global pandemic – and our key role as a partner in connecting people and places to make the world work better will continue to be central in the post-Covid recovery. Along with the entire world, ISS was affected by the global coronavirus pandemic in 2020. During this challenging year, our focus was squarely on business continuity for customers and the health and wellbeing of their employees and our own. With our own people at customer facilities – trained, equipped, motivated and working to high standards – we have been able to offer customers a unique level of transparency and agility in responding to the crisis. Our customers have been overwhelmingly positive about our response to the Covid-19 crisis, which has showcased the strength of our self-delivery model as well as large outsourcing partnerships with a single point of contact for facility management. Making the world work better As a global leader in facility services and workplace management, we play a key role in society. When the pandemic radically changed our ways of working, our people – cleaners, technicians, chefs and other service professionals – contributed significantly to keeping workplaces and essential infrastructure running, including hospitals, pharmaceutical production facilities, and data centres. The societal impact of ISS frontline colleagues every day is central to our value proposition to customers. In 2020, we addressed the full range of customer needs around the workplace during the pandemic. With our Back to Work concept, we provided a complete set of solutions for protecting the workplace against infection, redesigning places to meet social distancing requirements and helping customers scale up or scale down their on-site activities. Focus on cleaning and hygiene increased significantly among customers. To meet this demand, we introduced PURE SPACE, an ISS product that leverages technology and data to evidence cleanliness, troubleshoot the risk of contamination and influence the right behaviour. Above-base and project work revenue on key accounts increased organically by 11% and 14%, respectively, driven by deep-cleaning and disinfection. Strategic focus on key accounts confirmed In 2020, our retention rate for key accounts was 93%. Our long-term, mutually beneficial partnerships with key account customers are particularly resilient in tough times. Organic growth for key accounts was (4.3)% vs. (10.8)% for non-key accounts. In 2020, we won a new 5-year Integrated Facility Services (IFS) contract with a large international industry and manufacturing customer corresponding to approx. 1% of Group revenue. We also won, expanded and renewed contracts with major players in banking & professional services, healthcare, and transportation & infrastructure. It is with these key account customers that our value proposition resonates most strongly. Facility management and workplace services, including globally leading cleaning solutions, have become more important to customers’ strategic agendas. Long-term key account partnerships are more likely to be built around IFS and a mutual aim to attain excellence through quality, efficiency and compliance. That results in greater value for everyone – our customers, our people, our investors and society at large. Sharpening our focus with OneISS In response to an unsatisfactory financial performance in recent years, we launched a strategy refresh in December 2020. The OneISS strategy confirms our key account focus and IFS business model while sharpening our approach to select customer segments, accelerating technology investments, and introducing a new globally aligned operating model. These changes will allow us to use our global scale to drive superior value for all our stakeholders. In the process, we will become the most respected global leader in integrated facility services and strengthen our position as global number one in cleaning. Executive Group Management (EGM) saw significant change as well. We said goodbye to Group CEO Jeff Gravenhorst at the end of August 2020 after 18 years in the business. On behalf of ISS, we want to extend once more our special thanks to Jeff for his lasting achievements – he has built the foundation upon which our new strategy will launch us into the future. A new strengthened EGM was announced in December to deliver on the OneISS strategy and transformation. The team comprises a strong mix of seasoned internal talent and external additions with diverse backgrounds, broad expertise and new capabilities, and will ensure we deliver on the goals and ambitions of our OneISS strategy. Our financial performance With the dual impact of coronavirus and malware attack, 2020 was a year without precedent in terms of financial performance. Full-year organic growth was (6.5)% and 2020 was thereby only the second year in our 119-year long history with negative growth. The loss of revenue was driven by lockdowns and significant restrictions in all major markets, particularly impacting our food services. Adjusted for restructuring and one-off costs of DKK 3.5 billion, our operating margin came in at 0.5%, in line with our latest financial outlook. Restructurings were part of our response to the pandemic along with certain actions targeting our operational challenges to prepare the business for the future. Free cash flow was DKK (1,794) million impacted by our operating losses but supported by strong focus on collections and strict investment discipline. In spite of an exceptionally difficult year, we have laid the groundwork for a stronger financial performance in the future, including through our OneISS strategy, which will ensure we strengthen our execution. The post-Covid global IFS leader With the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on workplaces, partnership with a strong, integrated facility management provider has become more important than ever before. Our role in these partnerships is not just to deliver world-class services but to serve as a key strategic adviser to customers in how to bring their real estate strategies and workplace cultures to life. As we move towards a post-Covid world – hopefully taking big strides in that direction in 2021 – this strategic relationship will only increase in importance. The role of the workplace in attracting and retaining talent will only increase, but now the concept of where we work has broadened. According to our workplace study, up to 65% of participants are expected to follow a partially hybrid remote model post-pandemic. Customers are grappling with how to bring employees back into the workplace while also establishing new ways of working that seamlessly connect e.g. corporate offices with the home base to ensure people are healthy, happy, and engaged. Technology will play a key role in our ability to bring the workplace into the post-Covid era. Our ambition is to become the world’s best, tech-enabled facility services company. We are therefore increasing investment in our digital capabilities and IT architecture while accelerating roll-out of customer-facing tools. Improved collection and use of data and insights from across the globe will drive better-quality outcomes for customers, which includes providing them with even more value from the integration of our services. With continued strong demand for Integrated Facility Services – in particular cleaning – increased focus on the workplace as a driver of corporate culture and collaboration, and ongoing needs to reduce costs, the market for outsourcing will grow in the years ahead. We are well-positioned in an attractive USD 400 billion key account market, where our modest market share of 2% leaves plenty of room for growth. In 2021, ISS is in a unique position to further bring to life our purpose – connecting people and places to make the world work better – and continue to strengthen our role and responsibility in society, for the duration of this global pandemic and far beyond. Thank you for your continued support.