2024 was an exciting year for ISS, as we sharpened our focus on value creation in a world marked by uncertainty but also new opportunities. While we met our financial targets, we are committed to driving stronger growth ahead. The strategy refresh launched in December, alongside changes in our Executive Group Management (EGM), marks a key step in this journey. We also made significant strides in advancing social sustainability, reaffirming our commitment to people and communities. Amid global challenges such as financial instability and geopolitical conflicts, the facility management industry is undergoing significant development, creating exciting opportunities. As a result of the economic slowdown, companies, organisations, and public institutions are increasingly outsourcing their facility management services. Importantly, this shift is not only driven by efficiency and cost savings requirements. One of the most pressing issues our customers face today is declining employee engagement in workplaces, which negatively impacts productivity, innovation, and employee retention. Consequently, they are seeking partners with the expertise to create exceptional workplace experiences. Another key trend is the growing focus on social sustainability. While the ESG agenda has traditionally centered on environmental priorities, the social dimension is gaining traction, prompting customers to prioritise social factors in facility management partnerships. These global trends present significant opportunities for ISS. Our expertise in integrated facility services, enhancing workplace experiences, our self-delivery model, and commitment to social sustainability position us for growth and a substantial increase in our 1 percent global market share. The OneISS strategy was launched in 2020, and over the last four years, we have made significant progress in strengthening our foundation, commercial model, and execution power. We have achieved margin and growth recovery, successfully turned around challenging markets and contracts, completed the strategic divestment programme, made selective acquisitions, and maintained a high customer retention rate of over 93%. However, our growth in 2024 has mainly been driven by price increases and there is still room to improve focus and execution across the organisation. In response, we reviewed elements of our strategy in 2024, leading to updated strategic priorities in December. These updates will better position us to leverage our strengths and unlock ISS’s full potential. In January 2025, we aligned the EGM with the updated strategic priorities to ensure implementation with pace and quality. This involved reducing the EGM to five members and adjusting the scope and responsibilities of some existing roles. We are confident these changes will reduce complexity, improve decision-making, and enhance execution to drive profitable growth. In addition to the changes made at the EGM, we were pleased to welcome Henriette Hallberg Thygesen as a new member of the Board of Directors in 2024. As part of our strategy update, we have developed a new mission statement: We make space for people and businesses to thrive. While our purpose, Connecting people and places to make the world work better, remains at the core of ISS’s DNA, we also want to emphasise the value ISS strives to deliver to people and customers every day. This mission statement reflects our commitment to enhancing both physical and mental spaces, empowering people to unlock their individual potential – a key prerequisite for business success. Ultimately, our goal is to ensure that our people thrive – when they do, they feel motivated, which directly enhances the satisfaction and engagement of our customers and their employees. We are pleased to have delivered robust results throughout the year. Our steadfast efforts to improve operational efficiency and execution enabled us to achieve our 2024 financial targets: organic growth of 6.3%, operating margin of above 5.0% and free cash flow of DKK 2.0 billion. Commercially, we secured extensions for all large, key customer relationships with contracts ending in 2024, including scope expansions across several agreements. Most significantly, we secured a 5-year extension of our longstanding partnership with Barclays, where we will continue to provide integrated facility services and great workplace experiences to more than 80,000 Barclays employees across the world. We also successfully mobilised new large customer contracts, such as the Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (Defra) in the UK and the Danish Building and Property Agency in Denmark. Another milestone was the landmark 7-year contract win with the UK Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) in August 2024, expected to generate annual revenue of DKK 1.2 billion. This achievement marks the culmination of the strong market position we have built within the UK public sector over the past years. Moving forward, we will pursue and invest in thoroughly selected opportunities at Group level while empowering our local markets to strengthen their positions and leverage their local expertise. Across the company, our primary focus remains on driving profitable growth in both single-service cleaning and integrated facility services. Based on our financial results in 2024, we are once again in a favourable position to share excess capital with our shareholders, in line with our capital allocation policy. The Board of Directors will propose a dividend for 2024 of 20% of adjusted net profit at the annual general meeting, corresponding to a dividend per share of DKK 3.1. In 2024, we also initiated a share buyback programme of DKK 1 billion, to be executed over a 12-month period. Due to our robust liquidity position, we decided to increase the programme in August and November bringing it to DKK 1.5 billion in total. It concluded on 19 February 2025. Additionally, we are today announcing that we will initiate a new share buyback programme of DKK 2.5 billion to be executed until 13 February 2026. M&A is an element of our clearly defined ambitions in the capital allocation policy, and we continuously seek opportunities to invest in our business to drive long-term sustainable growth. In 2024, we strengthened our presence in Switzerland and Spain through two smaller, local bolt-on acquisitions of gammaRenax and Grupo BN, respectively. These acquisitions reflect our clear and disciplined approach to M&A: they have a strong strategic fit, a country-wide footprint, and generate operational synergies for ISS. The divestment process regarding our French business was completed in April 2024, marking the final step in the divestment programme outlined in the OneISS Strategy. With our people as our product, the social domain offers our greatest sustainability impact. With over 325,000 employees worldwide, each influencing around five family members, our work touches nearly two million lives daily. This scale brings both great responsibility and significant opportunities. As part of our strategy refresh, we have committed to becoming the world’s leading frontline employer, creating safe, inclusive workplaces where everyone is valued, fairly compensated, and supported in improving social mobility. This is not only the right thing to do but also essential for success: engaged employees deliver better services and superior customer experiences. We are pleased to have further advanced our social commitment in 2024. For example, we provided more than 38,000 placemakers or their family members with a certified qualification, encompassing a wide range of educational and training opportunities. This brings the total to over 70,000 qualifications awarded in the past two years, keeping us firmly on course to achieve our goal of 100,000 by the end of 2025. As education is a key driver for social change and employee engagement, we aim to provide an additional 250,000 placemakers and their family members with certified qualifications by 2030. We have also made progress in our commitment to increasing the implementation of the living wage across our industry. We have initiated pilots to measure the impact of salary increases on retention, productivity, and sickness rates. Additionally, we have partnered with UNIGLOBAL on a social sustainability project in Indonesia, focused on fostering social dialogue within the cleaning industry, educating customers on the difference between minimum and living wage, and creating job opportunities for women and people with disabilities in Greater Jakarta. Health and safety is a top priority for us, and we will continue improving our efforts to prevent serious accidents. Tragically, we experienced 1 fatality in 2024, deeply impacting the organisation. In 2024, we initiated further mitigating actions: We conducted our first Global Health Culture survey, followed by focus groups with placemakers worldwide to assess our safety culture and establish a baseline, with a safety culture improvement plan set to begin in 2025. We also introduced ‘safety stand-downs’ led by Kasper Fangel for all leaders to address serious incidents like fatalities. In 2024, we took significant steps to further strengthen our organisation, enhance our execution, and deepen our focus on meeting the evolving needs of our customers. By leveraging our unique strengths, favourable market position, and strong social commitment, we have positioned ourselves for further success moving forward. Our commitment to profitable and sustainable growth remains steadfast, and with our refreshed strategic priorities, a clear mission statement, a more agile and stronger executive management team, and the dedication of our placemakers worldwide, we are ready to accelerate growth and capitalise on the exciting global opportunities.