ISS delivered significant strategic, financial, and operational progress in 2021. Thanks to our more than 350,000 placemakers, and despite substantial headwinds, not least from the Covid-19 pandemic, ISS supported the needs of our customers as the global workplace was undergoing rapid change. Furthermore, we strengthened our efforts substantially towards a full-scope net zero business by 2040. Led by our purpose of connecting people and places to make the world work better, we have focused on providing a clean and safe working environment for our customers’ employees as well as our own employees – who we call placemakers. This remained a top priority to keep vital infrastructure and key production facilities open and operational in a year where the pandemic was yet again a dominating factor. At the same time, we supported a rapidly-changing global workplace with hybrid work becoming the new normal at many of our office-based customers. We want to thank all our employees for working tirelessly in ensuring this vital support to our customers. 2021 was another difficult year for the world as the Covid-19 pandemic continued to challenge societies and businesses. As a leading provider of services to the global workplace, this also affected ISS. The adverse impact on our revenue from Covid-19 restrictions and lockdowns continued to vary across our services, customer segments and geographies. However, we also saw a positive contribution from continued strong demand for deep-cleaning and disinfection solutions, which supported our revenue related to project work. Solid financial developments Despite the challenges posed by the pandemic and a volatile business environment with wage inflation and labour shortages in many regions, ISS remained resilient and delivered significant financial and operational progress in 2021. This was not least due to the impact from our turnaround programme and restructuring initiatives across our business and a strong focus on servicing our key customer segments. Organic growth was 2.0% in 2021, compared with (6.6)% in 2020, mainly due to improvements in the portfolio revenue despite continued subdued activity across many segments and regions. Growth remains a key focus area for us, and with the OneISS strategy we are investing further to develop our commercial processes and in delivering world-class customer solutions to attract and retain customers. Our execution of the turnaround programme and restructuring initiatives and the implementation of the OneISS strategy led to a significant improvement of our operating margin as well as strong cash flow generation. As a result, we raised our financial guidance in the second half of 2021 and ended the full year with an operating margin of 2.5% and a free cash flow of DKK 1.7 billion, in line with our revised guidance. Delivering on our strategic ambitions The financial progress was a testament to our persistent focus on implementing the OneISS strategy, which sets out our dual priority of delivering a short-term turnaround while at the same time ensuring long-term improvements to the global operating model. We launched our strategy refresh in December 2020 with the clear aim of sharpening our focus on key segments, accelerating technology investments, and introducing a new globally aligned operating model. With the refreshed strategy, we are taking advantage of our global scale to drive superior value for all stakeholders, to become the most respected global leader in integrated facility services and to strengthen our position as the global number one in cleaning. During 2021, we made a number of organisational changes, introduced a new country blueprint and launched changes to the top management teams of ISS. All to ensure that ISS is fit for the future and that we can fulfil our strategic ambitions by delivering strong outcomes for all stakeholders. As a result, 40% of our top 400 leaders are new to their roles. Furthermore, we have significantly strengthened the Executive Group Management team with a good combination of executives recruited within ISS’s own talent pool and external profiles with the right international expertise and experience. Turnaround initiatives on track We continued to execute on our turnaround programme for 2021–2022 focusing on profitability and cash generation. The turnaround plan entails a substantial improvement of underperforming contracts and countries, a recovery from the Covid-19 situation and a sharpened strategic focus through our divestment programme. During the year, we achieved important milestones on these priorities. In June, we reached an agreement to gradually exit the underperforming partnership contract with Danish Defence. Furthermore, the performance of the Deutsche Telekom contract, our largest contract globally, developed according to the recovery plan and we saw improvements in the performance of our operations in France and the UK. On our divestment programme, we signed or completed a total of 14 divestments during the year (including in January 2022), taking us well ahead of our plan and securing net proceeds of DKK 1.8 billion out of the targeted DKK 2 billion by year-end 2022. In addition, we saw the early signs of recovery from the pandemic as customers gradually returned to offices in certain countries and despite the recent rise in infection rates. Overall, we delivered according to plan on the turnaround programme, and in some areas even ahead of our expectations. High retention rate for key accounts In line with our strategic focus on global key accounts, we maintained a high retention rate for key accounts of 94%. During the year, we further strengthened our position both within existing and new key accounts across several markets. In March, we agreed to extend the strategic partnership with Barclays until 2025. For the past nine years, ISS has delivered integrated facility and workplace services in more than 30 countries across the Barclays portfolio. In June, we announced an agreement with energy company Equinor to deliver services to its office sites. The contract will run for five years, with a possible extension of five additional years. This is the largest contract of its kind on the Norwegian market. In Turkey, we strengthened our position in the strategically important healthcare sector with the acquisition of Rönesans Facility Management Company in September. The expansion in the Turkish healthcare sector will advance our efforts to accelerate our leadership position within this key segment. At the end of the year, we agreed to extend the long-standing partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise for another five years and generally, we managed to renew a number of other large key accounts with multi-year contracts throughout the year. Continued focus on operational performance To further strengthen the execution of our strategy and improve our global operating model, we have taken significant steps towards building a much more aligned organisation and implementing unified processes. OneISS is all about truly leveraging the power of being a large global enterprise and with that constantly providing the best of ISS to our customers. By doing so, we raise the efficiency, quality, and consistency of our operational performance. One example was the introduction of sophisticated benchmarking tools for enhanced productivity of daily office cleaning in selected countries and contracts. The tool allows operators and specialists to identify improvement potential at customer sites as well as the required actions to achieve it. We also introduced a new strategy and structure for Global IT, Digitalisation & Services focusing on insourcing and centralisation of IT resources, delivering the right digital applications for our customers and employees, and building on scalable and cybersecure tech platforms. In December, we officially opened our new headquarter hub in the Polish capital of Warsaw. The hub will – as a supplement to our main head office in Denmark – play an important role in fulfilling our strategic ambitions and ensuring that we have access to the best talent pool going forward. Ensuring a safe, diverse, inclusive and sustainable workplace As the world continues to recover from the pandemic, our focus remains on supporting our customers in their current and future needs. Not least when it comes to ensuring a safe and sustainable global workplace to the benefit of our planet and the people who live and work on it. At ISS, we recognise the full scope of the ongoing climate and environmental crisis. And we are strongly committed to carrying out our operations and delivering our services in a sustainable way. For this reason, we have recently appointed a new Head of Sustainability and in January 2022, we launched our new sustainability targets, including an ambitious target of reaching full-scope net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040. Social sustainability, which has always been in our DNA, was also further strengthened in 2021. ISS is built on a foundation of equity, inclusion, fairness and respect for all individuals. With the appointment of a new Head of Diversity & Inclusion and the launch of a new D&I strategy, we are committed to taking a proactive responsibility towards our surrounding communities, our customers, and society by reflecting diversity and reinforcing an inclusive culture where everyone can be their authentic self and feel that they belong. Looking back, 2021 was a year of fundamental change for ISS. We made significant progress strategically, financially and operationally. However, we have only just embarked on this multi-year journey that will create a stronger, simpler and closer ISS. With a solid foundation, a clear strategy and not least the support of our dedicated placemakers who every day connect people and places to make the world work better, we are confident that we will provide further progress in 2022 and the years to come.