Building on recent years’ operational and financial progress, ISS took several steps in unfolding the full potential of the OneISS strategy during 2023. Following the appointment of Kasper Fangel as Group CEO, a new and streamlined Executive Group Management (EGM) has reviewed and prioritised the strategic initiatives to bolster our operational and financial performance further. We also made good progress on our ambition to become the Company of Belonging and reduce our environmental impact. Since the peak of the Covid-19 pandemic, office occupancy rates have increased. This reflects a gradual return-to-office trend as well as an increased desire by companies to strike the right balance in providing flexibility for their employees while maintaining the physical workplace as a cultural amplifier. The hybrid working model means that office occupancy rates are still lower than before the pandemic. However, this has not resulted in a reduced demand for ISS’s services and offerings. Customers are in fact reallocating their resources towards employees to create the workplace of the future, with high-quality, productive work environments that support innovation, collaboration, and cultural belonging. These trends align well with our purpose of connecting people and places to make the world work better. Furthermore, they confirm that our OneISS strategy is the right way to cater for the current and future needs of our customers, as they increasingly focus on consolidating their supply chains and converging towards integrated facility management solutions. ISS is thus well poised to support key account customers, who seek an integrated facility management partner to drive user experience, efficiency and consistency with solutions that are sustainable and compliant across their portfolio of workplaces. In 2023, this underlying demand for our services manifested itself through a continued good commercial development and with customer retention rates at historic high levels. Due to our relentless focus on creating value for our customers, ISS delivered a solid financial performance in line with our guidance for the year. Organic growth for 2023 was 9.7% compared to 8.4% the year before. The increase was driven by price adjustments implemented across the Group and underlying volume growth due to increased activity levels at customer sites as well as higher office occupancy rates. Throughout the year, ISS benefitted from increased customer activity levels and engagement. We were awarded several new contracts and extended and expanded a number of other contracts. The customer retention rate was 95%, a historic high level. This is the result of our investments in the commercial model, with increased segment expertise and a strict strategic focus on driving value through building and expanding long-lasting partnerships. The operating margin before other items was 4.3% excluding the effect from hyperinflation in Türkiye compared to 4.0% in 2022. The margin continued to improve throughout the year driven by OneISS efficiencies and cost initiatives as well as improvements across a number of markets and large contracts. Excluding one-off costs related to the review of the OneISS strategic initiatives, margin was 4.6%. In 2023, ISS continued to manage cost inflation tightly through price increases and operational efficiencies. As a result, the operating margin was generally unaffected by inflation. Our solid financial results for 2023 mean that we are in a favourable position to share our excess capital with our shareholders. According to our capital allocation policy, the Board of Directors will at the annual general meeting propose a dividend for 2023 of 20% of adjusted net profit, corresponding to a dividend per share of DKK 2.3. Additionally, we have decided to initiate a share buyback programme of DKK 1.0 billion to be executed until 20 February 2025. The OneISS strategy defines our way of organising and aligning behind a set of principles and business processes that provide us with the ideal position to leverage our strategic differentiators and address key market demands. Following the resignation of Jacob Aarup-Andersen, the Board announced Kasper Fangel as new Group CEO effective from 1 September. The appointment of a new CEO had no impact on the strategic direction of ISS. In September, we announced a new and streamlined Executive Group Management (EGM). The EGM was reduced from 13 to 9 members, enhancing agility and execution power to build a stronger, more robust ISS and drive operational and financial performance going forward. During the autumn, the EGM reviewed the OneISS initiatives, launched in 2020. The review focused on ensuring that our initiatives generate the expected value to further improve execution, accelerate strategic development and continue to build a stronger and value-creating ISS. In 2024, we will continue to embed the OneISS strategy across the organisation, but as a result of the review we will prioritise fewer initiatives to make each remaining initiative more impactful. During 2023, we made several decisions to further strengthen our ability to deliver the best service offerings to our customers and to align our geographical footprint to continued future growth. In Spain, we acquired Grupo Fissa, a reputable cleaning provider operating mainly in southern Spain. With this acquisition, we have strengthened ISS operations in the region and improved the service delivery for local key accounts. The acquired company operates cleaning contracts within healthcare and local prioritised segments. The acquisition has a strong strategic fit with the OneISS strategy and our stated ambition to remain #1 globally in cleaning. In August, we announced the decision to divest ISS France. Due to inherent strategic challenges, difficult market conditions, and muted commercial development, the French business had not generated the expected financial improvements. On 22 December 2023, ISS signed an agreement to divest ISS France to Onet SA, a French facility services company. We are comfortable that we have identified the best possible buyer who can drive the business forward to the benefit of the customers and not least our more than 15,000 dedicated placemakers in France. At the same time, we have established a strong partnership with the buyer that will allow us to continue to provide quality service solutions to existing and future global key account customers in France. Contributing to a fair and more inclusive society as well as a healthy planet is ever more important for businesses in the world of today. At ISS, we focus our overall ambition of championing sustainable workplaces mainly through two important lenses: social and environmental sustainability. In the past couple of years, we have made bold commitments and seen good progress in both focus areas. On environmental sustainability, we were proud to reach an important milestone when our near-term science-based emissions target was validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2023. Additionally, through our own operations, we saw clear results from our efforts in reducing our climate impact. Among other things, we have electrified around 2,500 of our entire global fleet of approximately 20,000 vehicles. And in our food business, where we serve around one million meals per day, we have managed to reduce the amount of food waste by 30% from a 2019 baseline. These are good steps towards reaching our overall target of delivering full scope net zero carbon emissions by 2040. On social sustainability, we have a clear ambition to be the Company of Belonging, honouring our heritage as a people company for more than 120 years. Through our ambition, we want to ensure that every placemaker can be who they are, become what they want and be part of something bigger. A safe working environment is a key part of our people promise and central to the OneISS strategy. Tragically, we experienced five fatalities in 2023. This devastating loss has deeply impacted our organisation, prompting us to intensify our mitigating measures. We have strengthened our root cause analysis processes to make sure we always fully understand why incidents happen and that we know how to remedy the immediate causes. We have also dived deeper into accident causes, made fundamental changes to how we operate and shared lessons across the whole Group. In 2023, we focused on sharpening the road map towards reaching our bold signature objectives on introducing living wages across our industry, providing certified qualifications and increasing the respect and recognition of our placemakers. Releasing the full potential of ISS 2023 was a year in which we confirmed our overall strategic direction, aligning how we respond to the global megatrends that we and our customers are facing. Changing customer needs, AI and new technologies as well as a global economy running at a slower pace are all factors that call for a much more agile and robust ISS. With the new global management team in place and thanks to the combined efforts of more than 350,000 dedicated and passionate placemakers, we are well on our way to releasing the full potential of ISS.