2022 marked the end of our financial turnaround and we entered a new chapter of the OneISS strategy execution. With a completed divestment programme, continued financial progress and a solid commercial momentum, ISS is ready to deliver on the ambitious financial targets for the coming years. This will be built on our strengthened operational excellence and our ambitions to champion sustainable workplaces in partnership with our customers and placemakers. As the world gradually emerged from the global Covid-19 pandemic, 2022 provided the global workplace with new and profound challenges. The devastating war in Ukraine, strained supply chains and soaring inflation were just a few of many issues that business leaders around the world had to address. In addition, new hybrid ways of working required many companies to rethink and redesign their physical workplaces. For ISS, this bolstered global demand for integrated workplace and facility services and sharpened the focus further on delivering on our purpose of connecting people and places to make the world work better. Looking back at 2022, we can proudly say that once again our more than 350,000 placemakers have gone above and beyond in providing outstanding services to our customers. We thank each and every one of our colleagues for their dedicated support and persistence. While we have supported our customers in the global workplace, we have also taken a huge step forward on our own OneISS strategy execution. By completing the financial turnaround that we embarked on in late 2020, we are now ready to move into the next phase of our strategy execution and have laid out a solid foundation for future growth at sustainable and attractive margins. Commercial momentum and organic growth Throughout the year, we have seen good commercial momentum – both with existing and new customers. Together with all the initiatives from our financial turnaround and strategic execution, this has resulted in improved financial performance. Activity and revenue increased to above pre-Covid levels on all service lines, except within food services. Our organic growth was 7.8% compared to 2.0% in 2021. The increase was mainly driven by the continued strong return-to-office trends, scope increases as customers increased investments in upgrading workplaces and service offerings, and price increases implemented across the group to offset the higher cost inflation. Operating margin before other items was 3.8% (excluding the impact of hyperinflation) for 2022 (2021: 2.5%). The development was driven by the improvement of the underperforming countries and contracts. In 2022, realised cost inflation was higher than seen in many years. ISS has well-embedded processes in place, and inflation was managed tightly through price increases and operational efficiencies. As a result, the operating margin was generally unaffected by inflation. Generally, our commercial momentum benefitted from our strategic focus and initiatives, and we succeeded in extending all global key account contracts up for renewal. We also extended and expanded several key account contracts and as a result, customer retention for 2022 was historical high reaching 94%, when excluding the planned exit of the Danish Defence contract. Delivering on our financial turnaround Since December 2020, we have focused on two areas; delivering the financial turnaround while at the same time investing in our operating model to become a differentiated global leader within Integrated Facility Services and maintaining our position as global number one in cleaning. During 2022, we could officially mark the financial turnaround as completed. All turnaround targets were achieved, as the operating run-rate margin at the end of 2022 was above 4%, while the net debt was reduced to below 3x pro-forma adjusted EBITDA (LTM). Furthermore, we completed the strategic divestment programme which as expected yielded net proceeds of approximately DKK 2 billion. With the enhanced operating model and healthy financial foundation in place, we can now turn to the next phase of our OneISS strategy. Unfolding the OneISS strategy At our Capital Markets Day in November 2022, we presented new financial targets and updated capital allocation principles, as well as how we will unfold the full potential of the OneISS strategy. The growth agenda will be focused on providing Integrated Facility Services to key accounts in three segments (office-based, production-based and healthcare) from a stronghold as global leader in cleaning. To support this, we have identified three key areas in which we will invest further: operational efficiency, technology and sustainability. These areas will become differentiating factors for performance at our customers’ workplaces and will drive stronger commercial momentum. Operational efficiency is delivered through our enhanced operating model, which is enabling the launch of a portfolio of scalable service products to drive a step-change in global productivity. The investments in technology are focused on creating an ecosystem of scalable platforms with data and innovation. The first key applications are already launched for customers and placemakers to improve the service across workplaces globally. Through our newly established dedicated software development centre in Porto alongside our Warsaw hub, we can develop differentiating high-quality and scalable digital solutions for both the ISS enterprise and customers globally. Finally, ISS is determined to become the sustainability leader in the industry. Championing sustainable workplaces ISS is a people company and throughout our history, we have always wanted to contribute positively to the societies we are part of. In 2022, we strengthened our sustainability efforts further. We launched the ambition of championing sustainable workplaces, driving true change through both social and environmental sustainability. The dual focus ensures that we can continue to strengthen our competitiveness and support growth in the next phase of our strategy execution. During 2022, we progressed significantly on our ambitious sustainability journey. Both within our own enterprise and in the way we support our customers in achieving their sustainability efforts. Within environmental sustainability, we announced our commitment to reach full-scope net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040. This was followed by several supporting initiatives throughout the year. Among other things, ISS signed the Cool Food Pledge, committing to reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with the food we serve globally by 25 percent by 2030, and halve our food waste by 2027. We also committed to reach our fleet net zero target by 2030 using electrification of our fleet of 20,000+ vehicles as a key lever. The Company of Belonging Within social sustainability, we launched a new Employee Value Proposition (EVP), developed our Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging agenda further and introduced an ambition to become the Company of Belonging. Shaping the right culture and creating a safe and inclusive environment is not only important from a social sustainability point of view. It is absolutely crucial in order to deliver on our strategy and our purpose. That was the main reason behind launching our new ambition of becoming the Company of Belonging during the autumn of 2022. Through building an environment where every employee feels accepted, empowered and can thrive as their authentic selves, we will create better experiences and more sustainable outcomes for our placemakers, customers, partners and their communities. The ambition is backed by three signature objectives focusing on living wages, upskilling and recognition. Together, they are a purposeful and intentional promise that will accelerate our journey towards becoming the Company of Belonging. To underpin our commitment to our placemakers, we also launched a new global employee promise and value proposition (EVP): A Place To Be You. It enables us to live up to our promise that every one of our placemakers can achieve their full potential as their authentic selves in an inclusive environment. Building on our achievements Having delivered on the turnaround initiatives and our strategic ambitions in the past couple of years, ISS is now poised to enter the next phase of our OneISS strategy. Both operationally, financially and strategically, we are well positioned to deliver growth with attractive and sustainable margins, and to enhance our competitive position in the growing market for integrated facility management services. We will do so while also adding value to all our stakeholders, not least our 350,000+ placemakers and the customers they serve every day. That is our promise and commitment.