The year before last, we announced an ambitious new strategy, Forward ’28, which sets out clear strategic priorities for strengthening our position as a leading bank in the Nordic region. The year 2024 marked the first year of execution in our new strategy period, and our achievements over the past year are testimony to the hard work and dedication of our employees and demonstrate our ability to work together on the goals we set. Our achievements have also reinforced our confidence as well as that of our stakeholders in the strength of our strategy. In recent years, we have made fundamental changes to Danske Bank, which have made us a more focused business with a stronger organisation and greater potential - and in 2024, we continued to build on the commercial momentum gained in recent years. Our financial results have continued to improve, as reflected by higher income levels, tightly managed costs and a higher return on equity. We see strong investor confidence and rising customer satisfaction scores. In November 2024, we were rated the most preferred bank by large businesses in Denmark and subsequently received the same top rating among large businesses across all of the Nordic countries. In addition, we saw significant improvements in our reputational scores among both business and personal customers, with customers rating our online meetings and advisory services best in class. We also saw significant improvements in our attractiveness as an employer among university and business graduates, and we now rank higher than any other Danish bank in this respect. This is important as it enables us to continue recruiting the most talented and motivated graduates to help us provide the best possible services to our customers. As part of our Forward ’28 strategy, we made the strategic decision to focus our business in Norway on business customers and large corporate and institutional customers. With our personal customer business in Norway now fully divested, we have successfully executed on this key element of our strategy. Another key component of Forward ’28 is a strategic decision to focus our time on our customers’ most complex financial needs. By investing in digital solutions that enable customers to handle more of their day-to-day finances on their own, we are empowering them financially while also freeing up time for our employees to spend on more demanding and complex advisory services. This approach is proving a strong value proposition in a time of complexity and uncertainty. Our world is changing, and our customers are faced with transitioning to this changing world and its new realities. The results and achievements of Danske Bank over the past year are the outcome of a collective effort throughout the organisation, and we want to thank our colleagues for their continued dedication, talent and drive to create value for customers, shareholders and society at large. The motivation of our colleagues is a prerequisite for our success as a bank, and it was therefore a key milestone in 2024 to see the continued improvement in employee satisfaction and engagement scores from already high levels. In this respect, we are now above the industry benchmark. The trust our shareholders place in us is equally important, and we are therefore pleased that, following years of limited capital distribution, we are able to reward our shareholders through our ordinary and extraordinary dividend payments and share buy-back programmes. Our shareholders include large professional investors and more than 175,000 private individuals in Denmark, who have chosen to invest part of their savings in Danske Bank shares. Creating value for our shareholders is as crucial as creating value for our customers, employees and the societies we are part of. And at Danske Bank, we firmly believe that the interests of our different stakeholders go hand in hand. This is particularly true when it comes to sustainability and the green transition. Whether it is advising businesses on commercially sustainable paths towards a carbon-neutral future economy or financing energy renovation for homeowners, our efforts to help our customers turn challenges into viable solutions and opportunities create value for customers, for us as a bank and for the societies we are part of. In a broader sense, this is what we have been doing for more than 150 years. Since the foundation of Danske Bank in 1871, we have helped our customers adapt and transition to new times and to turn challenges into new opportunities. And it is an effort and a commitment that is reflected in our purpose as a bank: “To release the potential in people and businesses by using the power of finance to create sustainable progress today and for generations to come.”