We live in a time of global change and turbulence. In short succession, we have experienced a global pandemic, a breakdown in global supply chains, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, an energy crisis, accelerating inflation, a cost-of-living crisis and, most recently, regional conflict in the Middle East. All of these have combined to make the world and the economic outlook much more uncertain. At Danske Bank, our focus has been on helping our customers navigate these challenges and the uncertainty, and we have engaged with them closely to help them prepare financially for more uncertainty ahead. As a bank that serves more than three million customers across the Nordic countries Ð from the young family seeking to buy their first home to the large corporate customer planning to expand to new markets Ð we have the insight and expertise to offer a quality of advice and service that is of high value to our customers, not least in uncertain times. Over the past year, geopolitical risks and how to address these risks have been a recurring topic in our discussions with corporate customers, and we have engaged with personal customers and business customers alike to discuss the impact of higher interest rates and higher inflation. Despite the challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, 2023 has been a year of significant strategic progress at Danske Bank. With our legacy cases mostly behind us, we are now back in a position where we can focus entirely on the needs of our customers and on driving our strategic development. In recent years, we have made fundamental changes to the bank, which have resulted in a more focused business with a lower risk level and a stronger organisation. Simultaneously, we have strengthened our commercial momentum, and with the closing of the books on the financial year 2023, we conclude that, thanks to the relentless and extraordinary efforts of our colleagues, we have exceeded the financial targets we set out to meet by the end of 2023. Equally important, we see rising customer satisfaction, stronger investor confidence and strong employee engagement, and we continue to have a positive impact on society. Today, Danske Bank is a focused Nordic bank with a strong market presence in Denmark, Sweden, Finland, and Norway. With our new strategy, Forward Õ28, which we announced in June, we are changing gears with substantially increased strategic and financial ambitions. Forward Õ28 defines a clear strategic focus for the bank and sets clear targets for profitability and growth. As part of the strategy, we have decided to increase investments in our digital platforms, advisory services and sustainability, which we see as key areas where we have the greatest potential to make a real difference for our customers. Equally, we commit to a disciplined approach to capital allocation, return and cost. This means that with Forward «28, we see a strong potential for capital generation and the ability to distribute capital consistently. In line with this commitment, we are therefore pleased that, on the basis of our 2023 financial results, we can propose a dividend payout as well as initiate a share buy-back programme. Delivering value for our shareholders is a key priority for us, and we can only do so by delivering value to our customers, employees and the societies we are part of. Amid the current geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, climate change and the green transition remain the biggest challenges and the greatest opportunities for our customers and for us. As the UN Secretary General phrased it, the summer of 2023 became the point at which we went from global warming to global boiling, and it is now universally accepted and understood that climate change and the current fossil fuel-based economy is a risk to societies, economies and our current way of life globally. A year ago, we published our Climate Action Plan with a mapping of the entire carbon footprint of our and our customersÕ activities and with long-term and intermediate targets for how we want to reduce this footprint in close cooperation with our customers. In doing so, we support the transition of our customers, build a more robust and resilient bank and contribute to advancing the transition to a more sustainable society, all of which are at the core of our Purpose: To release the potential in people and businesses by using the power of finance to create sustainable progress today and for generations to come. As we look ahead in 2024, there is now hope that inflation may have peaked, that interest rates will trend lower and that the global economy will experience a soft landing. However, uncertainty remains, and at a time when one crisis is followed by another, it is crucial to see crises and uncertainty not as exceptions but as an integral part of how we live and do business. At Danske Bank, we remain committed to supporting our customers and to enabling them to make sustainable progress in these uncertain times while we continue to execute our ambitious strategic agenda and unfold the full potential of Danske Bank.