Finance is a service – a means to help customers achieve their ambitions. As a bank, we offer products and solutions that serve to make something else possible. It is not a mortgage, a loan or a pension scheme that our customers ultimately desire; they desire what our solutions enable them to do: buy a house, start a new business or plan for a secure and comfortable retirement. Throughout our history, we have helped our customers achieve their dreams and ambitions. We have provided the financial means that have enabled their success, which is why we say that we exist to release the potential in people and businesses. And it is the reason why we celebrated our 150-year anniversary last year by celebrating the successes and achievements of our customers. Since the solutions we offer are a means to an end, it is our strategy to invest in further digitalisation of our services. Doing so will make it as easy and seamless as possible for our customers to interact with us and to apply for the loans and services they need – when they need them. It is also our strategy to strengthen our advisory expertise to offer unrivalled advisory services, no matter how complex the financial needs of our customers may be. Our ambitions in both respects have been emboldened by our experiences of dealing with the global COVID-19 pandemic. For almost two years, we have been working with our customers to help them deal with the uncertainties of lockdown, disrupted supply chains, unpredictable demand and financial insecurity. And thanks to our set-up – and because we are fortunate to operate in some of the world’s most digitalised economies, we have been able to do so largely undeterred by lockdowns and physical restrictions. The Nordic economies are emerging from the corona crisis with a more positive economic outlook than most other countries. Together with our colleagues in the financial sector across the Nordic countries, we have worked hard to be part of the solution. Becoming an integral part of the solution is also the ambition we have in terms of sustainability and the green transition. We see this as both the greatest challenge and the greatest opportunity for us and for our customers.Climate change poses a risk to lives and livelihoods; it also poses a risk to business models, financial assets and our way of life. But climate change is also a commercial opportunity for entrepreneurs and businesses working to introduce ideas and solutions that make the green transition possible. And climate change is an opportunity for all of us to reinvent our economies to make them more resilient and sustainable. As the largest financial services provider in Denmark, and as one of the largest financial institutions in the Nordic countries, we have both the power and the responsibility to contribute to positive and sustainable change for the societies we are part of, and we are committed to helping our customers turn challenges into opportunities. We have faced challenges of our own, and while we have maintained an unrelenting focus on helping our customers with the uncertainties of the corona crisis and helping them to invest and prepare for the green transition, we have also continued our work to address our own legacy issues and to make progress on our ambitions to become a better bank. We still have work to do, but we have come a long way already. Among our main achievements, we have improved profitability by increasing income and lowering costs, and we have further strengthened our compliance organisation. We have created a more flexible and inclusive workplace, and we now have the highest level of customer satisfaction among large and institutional customers across the Nordic countries. And we also have a Nordic lead within sustainable finance. These achievements are important steps towards fulfilling the ambitions we have of being a leading Nordic bank across all customer segments, and they demonstrate how we create value for all stakeholders by using the power of finance to create sustainable progress today and for generations to come. This is our purpose, and it is our promise to all stakeholders.