The year 2022 will go down in history as a year marred by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as well as the energy and costof- living crises that have affected households and businesses around the world. Russia’s aggression has caused suffering and injustice for the people of Ukraine. It has brought war to the European continent and has led to insecurity and geopolitical uncertainty by disrupting a world order that has been shaped since the end of the Cold War. Danske Bank has joined the global effort to isolate Russia from the financial markets. We have been in close dialogue with our customers to offer advice and support on how to handle the consequences of the war, and we have expanded our corporate volunteering programme to give our colleagues more opportunities to spend working hours carrying out voluntary work in support of Ukraine. We have also responded by launching a new green loan on attractive terms for homeowners who want to retire their oil or gas heater or invest in other energy-efficiency improvements. Over the past year, we also engaged in a closer-than-usual dialogue with our customers to help them deal with the challenges of soaring inflation and higher interest rates, similar to when we helped them navigate the challenges and uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. For Danske Bank, 2022 was also a turning point – and we can now focus more on becoming the bank we aspire to be. In late summer, we presented a solution to the debt collection case, which will accelerate the closure of this matter. And in December, we reached final resolutions with US and Danish authorities following the investigations into the nonresident portfolio at Danske Bank’s former Estonia branch. These resolutions mark the end of the investigations into Danske Bank by US and Danish authorities. Although we are relieved that we can now fully shift our attention to the opportunities ahead, we also regret having to inform our shareholders that due to the fines that we have agreed to pay to reach the resolution, we feel obligated to propose to the general meeting in March that no dividend be paid for 2022, despite our enduring intention to honour our shareholders for their trust in us. Our progress towards putting our legacy cases behind us is one outcome of our focus on getting compliance under control. This is one of the key areas of the strategy that we announced in 2019 with the purpose of becoming a better bank for customers, employees, shareholders and the societies we are part of. And thanks to the hard work of our dedicated and purpose-driven employees, we are making strong progress in reaching the goals we have set for the end of 2023. In addition to the substantial investments we have made to get compliance under control, we have seen good commercial momentum with increased demand for the products and advisory services we provide to customers to help them navigate the challenging times. Our core banking activities have seen solid momentum with increased lending, seven consecutive quarters of increased net interest income, and an improving underlying cost base. We have made progress across the board in Denmark, and our business customer units in particular have delivered strong results across the Nordic markets. Furthermore, our Large Corporates & Institutions unit had a higher level of customer satisfaction than any other bank in the Nordic countries for the seventh consecutive year.Dealing with the pandemic helped us devise better and more flexible ways of working, to the benefit of employees and the bank as a whole, and from this we have developed new digital solutions that make it easier and more convenient for our customers to engage with us. In 2022, we made it even easier for our customers to do their day-to-day banking on the go by making it possible for them to make international transfers, open new accounts and create or edit regular transfers through Danske Mobile Banking, which now has more than 725,000 daily logons. We also continued our efforts to become a more inclusive and purposeful workplace with engaged and motivated employees. The Satisfaction & Motivation score among employees increased to 76, only one point short of our goal of reaching 77 by the end of 2023. Over the past year, our dialogue with customers on building greater financial resilience and averting the negative consequences of the current energy crisis also helped us to accelerate the sustainability dialogue we want to have with all customers – households as well as businesses. At Danske Bank, we see the sustainability transition as the defining challenge and opportunity of the 21st century. We have a clear ambition to be the leading bank for sustainable finance in Denmark and among the market leaders in the other Nordic countries. And over the past year, we have continued to make significant progress. Among other initiatives, we launched new home loans for energyefficiency improvements, green concept loans for renewable energy and electric transportation, and new sustainable investment funds. We signed the Finance for Biodiversity Pledge, and in January 2023, we unveiled Danske Bank’s Climate Action Plan, which sets comprehensive climate targets for the entire bank in accordance with the Science Based Targets initiative. With a current tally of DKK 273 billion, we are now close to fulfilling our commitment to provide DKK 300 billion in sustainable financing by the end of 2023. We remain the leading Nordic arranger of sustainable bonds, and we attained a top-20 ranking last year in Bloomberg’s global ranking for green bonds. The Bloomberg Intelligence research unit also ranked Danske Bank number one among 54 international banks for best performance on measuring the carbon emissions from our lending activities. Becoming a better bank is an ongoing effort, and while we continue to work on reaching our 2023 goals, we are getting ready to present our updated goals and strategy for the period beyond 2023. As the largest financial services provider in Denmark and one of the largest financial institutions in the Nordic countries, we recognise that it is both our responsibility and in our interest to contribute to the sustainable growth and development of the societies we are part of. This recognition lies at the heart of how we lead and develop Danske Bank. During 2023, we will give investors an update on our mid-term financial targets as well as our plans for delivering long-term value for all stakeholders – our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and the societies we are part of.