This year, Danske Bank will celebrate its 150-year anniversary, and since the foundation in 1871, it has been our role to contribute to economic growth in the societies we are part of by enabling families and businesses to save and invest and to prepare for the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. The COVID-19 pandemic was a challenge that few had anticipated. It hit without warning and turned lives and businesses upside down.But as a solid and well-capitalised bank, Danske Bank has been in a good position to support our customers, and we have helped reduce economic uncertainty by extending credit lines, by helping customers assess risks, and by contributing to the maintenance of a well functioning financial infrastructure. The crisis has reaffirmed why we are here. We play an important role for our customers and for the financial infrastructure across the Nordic countries. We contribute to growth and prosperity, and we act as an anchor that creates security and continuity when economic cycles turn and crises arise. COVID-19 continues to be a tremendous challenge. But our experience over the past year has demonstrated our ability to change and adapt, and it has shown us what we can achieve when we all work together to overcome such a challenging situation. This bodes well for the profound and ambitious transformation we have ahead of us. In 2019, we announced our ambition to become a better bank for customers, employees, society and shareholders. In addition to changing the way we work and the way we are organised, we are also making substantial investments to become a more digital and agile bank that has lower costs, fewer and simpler products, and better and faster decision making processes. This will make us more attractive to customers Ð and more competitive. It will also make us a better and more engaging place to work, which will help us to recruit new talent and retain the good employees we already have. Collectively, this will enable us to strengthen our commercial momentum and to deliver to our shareholders better and more sustainable financial results in a competitive market with low margins and persistently low interest rates. Over the past year, we have also continued to strengthen our risk and compliance setup and have taken active measures to address and resolve legacy issues that have been both wrong and unacceptable. As we continue this work, we are promoting a culture in which mistakes are addressed, discussed and resolved in a responsible manner. This is the only way we can rebuild trust, and it is a key element of our ambition to become a better bank that works in the interest of all stakeholders. Danske Bank has evolved over a century and a half as a reflection of the societies we are part of. We have helped shape these societies by creating opportunities, by helping individuals and businesses to realise their ambitions, and by helping to build and innovate the financial infrastructure. As the largest financial services provider in Denmark and one of the largest financial institutions in the Nordic countries, we have a particular responsibility to contribute to sustainable growth and development. We will fulfil this responsibility by continuing to evolve in tandem with the world around us to run a sustainable and profitable business that delivers the solutions that our customers and society need.