A year of continued progress 2024 was another defining and eventful year for Tryg, characterised by a well-planned and successful conclusion of the current strategy period and demonstrating that Tryg continues to deliver on the commitments made to both shareholders and customers. Core insurance operations progressed, driven by solid customer activity and satisfaction in an ever challenging macroeconomic environment. At year-end, Tryg was satisfied to have reached all its financial targets for 2024 presented at the Capital Markets Day in November 2021. This represents a solid foundation for raising our ambitions and embarking on the forthcoming new strategy towards 2027. Delivering on all financial targets for 2024 Tryg is pleased to report an insurance service result above DKK 7.3bn and in the targeted range of DKK 7.2Ð7.6bn along with a combined ratio of 81.0% and thus better than the target at or below 82%. Tryg's expense ratio target of around 13.5% was also delivered, supporting our position as one of the most efficient insurance operators in the market. Tryg has a strong focus on producing solid returns on overall capital levels, so we are pleased to have realised a Return On Own Funds (ROOF) of 34.1%, underpinning our capital discipline. RSA Scandinavia synergies target exceeded We are satisfied to have delivered the synergies communicated at the time of the acquisition of the Swedish and Norwegian businesses of RSA. In 2024, Tryg delivered DKK 930m in total synergies, exceeding the target of DKK 900m despite unfavourable developments in the Norwegian and Swedish currencies. We are also pleased that Trygg-Hansa and Codan Norway's IT processes and systems have now been integrated into Tryg's IT landscape. This milestone marks the final step in the RSA acquisition, solidifying Tryg's position as a leading Scandinavian insurance operator. Growth driven by price adjustments to offset inflation From a macroeconomic perspective, 2024 turned out to be another eventful year. Geopolitical tensions continued to affect the financial environment. Norwegian and Swedish currencies stabilised after a period of depreciation, albeit at lower levels, and in the first part of the year inflationary pressure eased. Despite headwinds, Tryg reported satisfactory results. In 2024, growth was mainly driven by price adjustments to mitigate inflation and the need to restore profitability in selected parts of our Norwegian business. Our Private and Commercial businesses grew by 6%, while our Corporate business experienced a decline as a consequence of Tryg's strategy to improve profitability and reduce international property and liability business with the aim to reduce volatility. Weather claims in 2024 The weather events for the full year were in line with Tryg's annual expectations, even though 2024 had its fair share of weather-related claims. The first half of the year brought severe weather challenges to our customers. Heavy rainfall impacted Denmark, while Norway experienced a harsh winter with substantial snowfall. Both events caused property damage and interfered with everyday life through traffic disruptions, etc. As a leading insurance provider in Scandinavia, Tryg is dedicated to supporting society and assisting our insured clients in recovering from weather events. In a world increasingly impacted by climate change, Tryg offers customers peace of mind, ensuring coverage in the event of claims. Maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction Tryg achieved a customer satisfaction level of 87, an improvement of 3 percentage points since 2020, but slightly shy of our 2024 target of 88. We are proud of achieving this high level of satisfaction, especially for a period when necessary price adjustments to offset inflation have been implemented more frequently than seen for many years. Improving the customer satisfaction score was made possible by the relentless efforts of Tryg's employees. Customer satisfaction remains paramount to Tryg, and we continue to work diligently to meet and exceed customer expectations. Anchoring ESG across the organisation During the current strategy period, we have expanded our offerings with products that can help our customers adapt to climate change, while maintaining our focus on minimising the use of resources in the claims handling process. A large part of Tryg's carbon emissions stem from the handling of approximately 2.2 million annual claims, and in 2024 Tryg is pleased to have reduced CO2e emissions of 27,825 tonnes in claims handling. 2024 has also been a year of preparing for the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Involving different teams, skills and disciplines across the organisation, sustainability and ESG are now integral parts of Tryg's business and customer offerings. Driving sustainable change from its core business Towards '27, Tryg will continue its efforts to contribute to a more sustainable future and create long-term value, benefiting our shareholders, customers and employees as well as society. Tryg will continue to address carbon emissions in claims handling and in its supply chain with a target of a 6% average emissions reduction per claim. Tryg will develop and expand practices for repairs and the recycling of materials through close collaboration with suppliers. New climate emission targets are defined in line with conclusive scientific evidence for our direct and indirect activities. With high employee engagement, a diverse culture and strong talent retention, Tryg is well-positioned to develop and anchor new practices and deliver on ambitious sustainability targets by 2027. New targets and strategy for 2027 Tryg hosted a Capital Markets Day in London on 4 December 2024, unveiling the new strategy "United Towards Õ27 Ð Leveraging scale to drive technical and commercial excellence". The strategy builds on three important strategic pillars: "Scale & Simplicity", "Technical Excellence" and "Customer & Commercial Excellence". Tryg targets an insurance service result between DKK 8.0Ð8.4bn in 2027 driven by a combined ratio around 81. Return On Own Funds (ROOF) is targeted between 35% and 40%. Tryg has set a target for customer satisfaction of 83 for the full Group, now also including the entire Swedish business. During the previous strategy period, realising synergies from the RSA acquisition was one of our main priorities. Now, it is time to leverage our scale and capitalise on the advantages of our size. This strategy underpins our ambitious financial targets. We wish to combine best-in-class profitability goals with excellent capital management and therefore aim to deliver high returns on our own funds. Additionally, we maintain a strong emphasis on shareholder remuneration, as evidenced by our consistent record of stable, nominally increasing dividends coupled with extraordinary share buybacks. Increased shareholder remuneration On 31 January 2024, Tryg concluded the DKK 1bn share buyback programme that commenced on 13 October 2023. Additionally, at the Capital Markets Day on 4 December 2024, it was announced that Tryg has initiated a further DKK 2bn buyback ending no later than 30 June 2025. Throughout 2024, Tryg has consistently paid a quarterly dividend of DKK 1.95, amounting to DKK 7.8 per share for the full year and equivalent to DKK 4,844m in total dividend. Tryg remains very focused on shareholder remuneration. Thank you to all employees The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board would like to express a sincere thank you to all employees for their dedicated efforts and outstanding contributions. A special thank you for achieving a high level of customer satisfaction in a year when maintaining close customer relationships was more crucial than ever.