The largest non-life insurer in Scandinavia In November 2020, Tryg made a recommended cash offer together with the Canadian insurer Intact Financial Corporation to acquire RSA Insurance Group PLC. During the spring of 2021, shareholders of all companies and all regulatory bodies approved the transaction. Tryg has taken over RSA’s Swedish and Norwegian business and co-owns RSA's Danish business on a 50/50 economic basis. The transaction has made Tryg the largest non-life insurer in Scandinavia and created a much more balanced group with a strong footprint in Denmark, Norway and Sweden. We are very happy that we can now look back on a highly successful process that involved raising capital through the largest ever Danish rights issue of DKK 37bn, and the sale of the co-owned RSA Danish business to Alm. Brand for a very satisfactory price. We are also pleased to see that we have already had good results from the acquired business in 2021 and that the integration and synergies are following our ambitious plans. Positive developments in all areas Tryg reported a technical result of DKK 3,709m, which should be seen against the guidance given at the beginning of 2021 of DKK 3.3-3.7bn (guidance was changed to DKK 3.5-3.8bn in H1), so the result was at the upper end of this range. The result was helped by a lower level of weather and large claims, but also positively impacted by strong organic growth and improved underlying profitability. In 2021, Tryg developed very positively in all areas. Our most profitable segment, the Private business, continued to exhibit strong growth and high profitability. In Commercial, we saw improved profitability with strong growth, while in Corporate we saw improved underlying profitability in all main markets based on continued pricing initiatives. Strong and profitable growth supported by high customer satisfaction In both Private and Commercial, we are very satisfied with the strong and profitable growth. Tryg has a very strong focus on customers and we are pleased to see an increase in customer satisfaction from 84 at the end of 2020 to 85 at the end of 2021. This development was also supported by a general improvement in the retention rate and a net inflow of customers. Introducing new, ambitious financial targets at our Capital Markets Day Tryg hosted a Capital Markets Day in London on 16 November 2021 and presented new targets under the headline “Growing a successful core while shaping the future”. The key message was that Tryg is targeting its highest ever technical result at DKK 7.0-7.4bn in 2024, to be achieved through continued growth in the successful existing business, synergies from the RSA transaction and by continuing to develop new products and services. Tryg also communicated ambitious targets for customer satisfaction and corporate responsibility. The ambitious technical result target was the foundation for keeping the strong shareholders’ remuneration focus unchanged. Tryg expects to return a total DKK 17-19bn to its owners between 2022 and 2024, split between DKK 12-14bn in ordinary dividends and a previously announced share buyback programme of DKK 5bn following the closing of the sale of the co-owned RSA Danish business to Alm. Brand. Another year with COVID-19 COVID-19 has continued to impact the world’s economic trends and societies in general via restrictions and lockdowns. From a business perspective, Tryg’s figures were particularly impacted at the beginning of the year, with lower than normal claims frequencies in travel and motor insurance. Towards the end of 2021, the impact was very limited despite the outbreak of the Omicron variant. COVID-19 led to changing ways of working, with more remote work and an increased number of virtual meetings. Despite this, Tryg managed to improve customer satisfaction and maintained a high level of sales. Thanks to all employees 2021 was another very challenging year for all Tryg employees as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic but also due to the acquisition of RSA’s Scandinavian activities. We are very proud that we managed to strongly develop the existing business and significantly improved Tryg’s strategic position by closing a very important acquisition. The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board would like to thank all employees for their great efforts and to welcome our many new employees in Sweden and Norway following the Codan Norway and Trygg-Hansa acquisition.