A resilient business despite the most difficult macroeconomic conditions in recent memory Geopolitical and macroeconomic tensions have been at their highest level for many years in 2022, following the COVID-19 pandemic in the winter and Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February. 2022 will also be remembered as the year marking the return of inflation to levels not seen in the last 40 years. The Russian invasion of Ukraine exacerbated an already complicated situation with the global economy reeling from COVID-19 lockdowns and related supply chain issues. Inflation increased sharply throughout the year, ending at close to 10% in many advanced economies. Yet, Tryg managed to produce a robust financial performance against this highly challenging backdrop, proving the resilience of its business model. Acquired Swedish and Norwegian businesses of RSA Scandinavia fully integrated After obtaining all regulatory approvals and following the demerger on 1 April, Tryg started to consolidate Codan Norway and Trygg-Hansa from Q2 2022 and fully integrate these businesses into the Private, Commercial and Corporate operating segments. In connection with the RSA Scandinavia transaction, we welcomed the swift sale of Codan Denmark to Alm. Brand, which was approved in late April 2022, thereby finalising the entire RSA Scandinavia transaction. Tryg has subsequently initiated a share buyback programme of DKK 5bn, which is expected to last until summer 2023. As per year-end 2022, some 19.8m shares had been bought for a total value of DKK 3.2bn. Overall, we can look back on a very successful process that created the largest non-life insurance group in Scandinavia, thereby creating value for our shareholders, customers and employees. Strong results for the new group Tryg reported a technical result of DKK 6,177m with full consolidation of Codan Norway and Trygg-Hansa from Q2; in other words, only consolidated for nine months when looking at the full-year technical result. Tryg is very satisfied with the result in a year of extremely challenging geopolitical circumstances and the highest level of inflation for many decades. The result was positively impacted by solid growth in the Private and Commercial businesses and improved underlying profitability for the group. Profitability initiatives related primarily to the Corporate and Commercial segments (large Commercial customers). The result was also supported by RSA Scandinavia related synergies of DKK 406m against a total target of DKK 350m in 2022 and DKK 900m for 2024. Tryg’s most profitable segment, the Private segment (accounting for 65% of total premiums), continued to deliver strong growth and high profitability in all countries. In the Commercial segment, Tryg saw an inflow of small commercial customers in line with the strategy of targeting an increased presence in this part of the market. We are very satisfied with the level of growth in the acquired Swedish business, which developed positively compared to previous years. The Corporate segment reported a slight drop in the business volume in line with expectations, as Tryg is strongly focused on improving profitability. Hence, Tryg is decreasing the number of the high-end international property and US liability segments to rebalance the portfolio and improve profitability. Strong and profitable growth supported by high customer satisfaction In both Private and Commercial, we are very satisfied with the level of profitable growth. Tryg has a very strong focus on customers and realised a customer satisfaction score of 85. Tryg generally saw a strong retention rate in both the Private and Commercial business areas, although Q4 2022 was impacted by slightly higher churn, especially in the single product customer segment in Private (in partner agreements). Focus on shareholder remuneration Tryg expects to return a total DKK 17-19bn to its owners between 2022 and 2024, split between DKK 12-14bn in ordinary dividends and the ongoing share buyback programme of DKK 5bn. The high shareholder return is supported by the targeted technical result of between DKK 7.0bn and 7.4bn, driven by a combined ratio target of at or below 82 in 2024. Sustainability and ESG Tryg believes that working systematically to advance sustainability and ESG aspects unleashes better business results and customer relationships while also fostering greater innovative power and a more attractive workplace. In 2022, Tryg continued to focus on delivering sustainable solutions to its customers. Through close collaboration with suppliers, Tryg was able to reduce CO2 emissions from claims handling by 15,449 tons, putting Tryg well on track to reach its target of cutting CO2 emissions by 20,000–25,000 tons CO2 by 2024. Thanks to all employees 2022 was a challenging year for all Tryg employees impacted by the acquisition of RSA’s Scandinavian activities. We are very proud that we managed to strongly develop the existing business and significantly improve Tryg’s strategic position by closing a very important acquisition. The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board would like to thank all employees for their great efforts in Denmark, Sweden and Norway.