A year with a challenging external environment 2023 was a year characterised by challenging geopolitical developments and a difficult macroeconomic environment. Inflation levels remained very high in the first part of the year only to fall somewhat during the autumn, risky assets displayed volatility, and the Swedish and Norwegian kroner fell to all-time lows against the Danish kroner. The summer of 2023 will be remembered for the very high amount of weather claims, with storms in Scandinavia and multiple weather events in Southern Europe that hit our customers. Following the complete reopening of societies (after the Covid-19 outbreak), our customers started travelling more frequently and to more distant destinations, this also impacted our financial results in the first part of 2023. New CEO and organisational changes Johan Kirstein Brammer took over as the new CEO in June 2023, taking the helm from Morten Hübbe, who left Tryg after 20 years as CEO and previously CFO. Johan Kirstein Brammer has been the CCO and a member of the Executive Board of Tryg for four years. In September, Tryg announced some strategic and organisational changes. Tryg decided to merge its Commercial and Corporate Lines in Denmark and Norway, aligning the organisations to the successful operating model towards Commercial customers that Trygg-Hansa has adopted for some time. The merging of the Commercial & Corporate segments in Denmark and Norway is also in line with Tryg's strategy to increase focus on SME customers and reducing exposure towards large non-Scandinavian customers. With synergies from the RSA Scandinavia integration being delivered slightly ahead of schedule, it was a natural next step to align the organisational design of the Group’s Swedish business, Trygg-Hansa, with the organisational structure of the Tryg Group, where the heads of the business areas report directly to the Executive Board. Following these changes, approximately 4% of employees have been laid off. The organisational changes reinforce Tryg's commitment to deliver on the 2024 targets in a challenging macroeconomic environment. Improved customer satisfaction Customer satisfaction remains one of the key parameters for Tryg. It is noteworthy to see customer satisfaction improving from 85 in 2022 to 86 in 2023 despite a year with numerous weather events affecting Tryg's customers. Growth primarily driven by price adjustments to mitigate inflation Tryg reported good growth in the Private and Commercial business of approximately 5%. Growth was primarily driven by price adjustments to offset the high level of claims inflation. In the Corporate business there was a reduction in revenues, driven by initiatives to rebalance the portfolio towards smaller local customers in our core market and reduce exposure to US liability and to property outside the Nordics. Strong focus on full integration of the acquired RSA Scandinavia businesses Tryg is very focused on delivering the synergies of DKK 900m in 2024 as communicated in connection with the acquisition of the Swedish and Norwegian business of RSA Scandinavia. At the end of 2023, Tryg realised accumulated synergies of DKK 711m and is well on track to deliver the total synergies of DKK 900m in 2024. Sharp currency devaluations (NOK & SEK against DKK) have caused some headwinds, as most of the synergies come from Norway & Sweden, but the overall target is firmly maintained. Weather-related claims at a high level 2023 was impacted by many different weather events. Across Scandinavia, weather events primarily related to heavy rain, flooding and storms. Weather events in Southern Europe also impacted Tryg's result. As an example, hail storms in Italy caused extensive damage to approximately 400 cars of Danish customers. It is important to stress that weather claims levels in 2023 are not deemed "the new normal", and the DKK 800m annual expectation for weather claims stands. However, as the largest insurance company in Scandinavia, Tryg wants to support society in adapting to climate change and give customers peace of mind. Solid results and improved underlying development Tryg reported an improved underlying performance in 2023 driven primarily by the realisation of the RSA Scandinavia synergies and continued profitability initiatives in the Commercial and Corporate businesses. Inflation remained at a high level, especially in the first half of 2023, but has been mitigated via strong procurement agreements and various price adjustments across the portfolio. Increased dividend and new buybacks On 15 June, Tryg concluded the DKK 5 billion share buyback programme that was initiated in June 2022 as a result of the sale of Codan Denmark to Alm. Brand. Tryg started a new buyback programme of DKK 1 billion following the publication of the Q3 results. This programme is set to end no later than 31 January 2024. Tryg has paid a quarterly dividend for all quarters of DKK 1.85 amounting to DKK 7.40 for 2023. The buyback programmes and increasing dividend illustrate Tryg’s strong commitment to shareholder remuneration. Adapting products to climate change As of 2023, Tryg offers customers in Denmark, Norway and Sweden insurance to help them adapt to climate change. Specifically, house and property insurance have been EU Taxonomy-aligned to ensure that customers are covered for climate-related damage and are incentivised to take measures to prevent climate-related damage. Predicting risk is an important part of the business of insurance companies, and Tryg is making significant efforts to become even better at understanding and predicting future extreme climate and weather-related events for the benefit of society and Tryg's customers. Thanks to all employees 2023 has been a very busy year for Tryg employees. It was a year with continued work on the integration of RSA’s Scandinavia activities and a year where we helped many of our customers with claims stemming from weather-related events. The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board would like to thank all employees for their great efforts.