2022 was a milestone year for the LEGO Group. We celebrated our 90th anniversary and reached more children with LEGO® play than ever before. We achieved double digit top line growth and grew market share globally, significantly outpacing the toy market despite economic and geopolitical challenges. This proves the continuing appeal of the LEGO System in Play and the strength and relevance of our brand. Overall, we are very satisfied with our performance. The momentum we have seen during the past four years continued through 2022. It was driven by the strategic investments made during this time which are both paying off now and establishing a foundation for long-term, sustainable growth. During the year, we continued to invest in innovation across our portfolio which was one of our largest to date, appealing to people of all ages and with a wide range of passions and interests. We further invested in our own and partners’ retail platforms to reach more shoppers and create extraordinary, memorable brand experiences both instore and online. We also continued to make progress on capacity expansion projects at three of our factories, broke ground on our new factory in Binh Duong, Vietnam, and announced plans to build a carbon-neutral run factory in Richmond, VA, U.S. to meet future demand in the Americas. As we continue to invest in making our business and products more sustainable, we are pleased with the progress we are making towards our ambition to create a better world for future generations. In 2022, we began to transition to paper-based bags in LEGO boxes, putting us on track to make all our packaging from sustainable sources within the next few years. We continued to reduce the environmental footprint of our factories by becoming more energy efficient and producing renewable solar energy onsite or close by. The war in Ukraine, continued impact of COVID-19 restrictions and economic uncertainty impacted families and children around the world. We continued to bring Learning through Play activities to communities in need while supporting those most at risk, donating to relief efforts for children and their families in Ukraine and around the world. We anticipate some of the uncertainty over the past year to continue in 2023 and are monitoring developments closely. As we do this, we are fortunate to have a talented team of colleagues who have steered the LEGO Group skilfully through the past year. We are grateful for their commitment and look forward to working together to continue to inspire and develop our wonderful builders of tomorrow.