2023 was one of the most challenging years the toy industry has seen in at least 15 years. Despite this, the LEGO Group continued to grow. We significantly outpaced the market and grew market share. We finished the year strongly, and our brand is more relevant than ever. We are pleased with the continued top line growth following three consecutive years of double-digit growth. We also maintained a solid bottom line, while continuing to spend significantly on strategic initiatives to support long-term growth. Momentum was driven by our large and diverse portfolio which is designed to appeal to people of all ages and interests. Around half of the portfolio was new and demonstrated the endless possibilities of the LEGO¨ System in Play. We launched a new homegrown theme LEGO¨ DREAMZzzª, and LEGO¨ Fortnite¨, the first release in our long-term partnership with Epic Games. We continued our efforts to delight shoppers through memorable experiences both online and in-store. We finished 2023 with over 1,000 LEGO branded stores, more than double the number we had five years ago. We also continued to work with our retail partners to delight people when and where they wish to shop. Our strong financial foundations allow us to invest for the future, including expanding global manufacturing capacity, digitally enabling our business and becoming more sustainable. Notably, we broke ground on our new factory in the U.S., began construction of the new facility in Vietnam while expanding and upgrading our existing factories and sites. We further built our digital capabilities to improve consumers, shoppers, and partnersÕ brand experiences. 2023 was a significant year in reaching our sustainability ambition. We increased spending on environmental initiatives by 60 percent, pledged to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 and increased our use of more sustainable materials in LEGO bricks and packaging. We continue to learn and are encouraged by our progress. We are also proud of the work done around the world through our social responsibility programmes to bring learning through play to millions of children in need. None of our achievements would be possible without the dedication of all our colleagues around the world. I want to thank them for their endless creativity and innovative ideas that inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow.