As I look back over 2020 for the LEGO Group I am filled with pride, humility and gratitude. Proud of the extraordinary agility and resilience of our colleagues who kept the world playing during the pandemic. Humble that millions of families around the world turned to LEGO® play to help them get through a challenging time. And grateful to be part of a family-owned company who supports those most in need, while continuing to build a sustainable business set to thrive for generations. While the pandemic changed almost every aspect of how we live and work, the one constant was our team’s focus on bringing the power of Learning through Play to children and families. This dedication contributed to very strong financial performance in 2020, with double-digit top and bottom line growth. We are very pleased with these results and I would like to thank everyone in the LEGO Group, who contributed to this success. The passion and dedication of all our LEGO colleagues is inspiring and they responded to extraordinary challenges in ways we couldn’t have imagined. The strong momentum we saw in 2020 was also the product of a focused, long-term and strategic investment programme. For the past two years, the LEGO Group has stepped up investments in driving long-term growth – through innovating play, building the LEGO brand, innovating the retail ecosystem and expanding into new markets to reach more children around the world. In 2020, we saw early benefits of these investments. A strong, diverse portfolio attracted builders of all ages. The launch of LEGO® Super Mario™ introduced an entirely new way to play and was one of our most successful new themes. Our global brand campaign ‘Rebuild the World’ resonated with families everywhere. Investments in our e-commerce platforms allowed fans to continue to shop while stores closed. And we reached more children in China through opening 91 new stores and launching LEGO® Monkie Kid™, the first theme inspired by a local legend. As the pandemic paused millions of children’s education, closed down communities and disrupted supply chains we worked to support those most in need. We brought Learning through Play to homes around the world through our digital campaign #LetsBuildTogether. With the LEGO Foundation we donated funds to support COVID-19 relief in local communities. And we repurposed our factories to make visors for frontline health professionals. We also stepped up our efforts to have a positive impact on the environment and society our children will inherit. We announced our plans to invest up to USD 400 million (DKK 2.6 billion) over three years to accelerate our environmental and social responsibility initiatives. Our latest move, trialling the replacement of single-use plastic bags in our products with paper, was inspired in part by letters from hundreds of children. We take these letters seriously and read and respond to each one. That’s because we look to children as our role models. Their creativity has driven us for more than eighty years – and continues to do so. It is also what drives us to invest and grow to ensure we can continue to inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow for generations to come.