As I look back over 2021, I am grateful for what the LEGO Group was able to achieve. Our passionate and committed team of more than 24,000 employees navigated the ongoing uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic and worked tirelessly to meet extraordinary demand for our products. Their efforts led to our strong financial performance and allowed us to reach more children with LEGO¨ play. I am also grateful for our fans. During the year, thousands of children contacted us to share their LEGO experiences. It gives such strong purpose to our work when we see first-hand the pride, skill, and excitement, that comes with creating and sharing a LEGO build! The progress we made in advancing strategic investments will fuel growth now, and for generations to come. Investments in product innovation, retail experiences, digitalisation, and sustainability will keep our brand relevant and create opportunities for more children to benefit from play. Our 2021 portfolio was the largest and most diverse ever. We saw strong performances from our homegrown themes such as LEGO NINJAGO which celebrated its 10th anniversary, and licensed themes such as LEGO Super Marioª and LEGO Star Warsª. We also welcomed adults with a range of challenging builds which brought families together and inspired fans of all ages. Our successful Rebuild the World brand campaign further strengthened love for the brand, and we announced steps to remove harmful gender stereotypes from our marketing and products so that all builders everywhere feel included. We continued to welcome visitors back to our stores and unveiled a new retail format designed to create immersive, memorable brand experiences. We continue to see value in physical retail stores and opened 165 LEGO branded stores around the world in 2021. Long-term investments in e-commerce continue to pay off, helping to drive double-digit growth in online sales across our own and partner channels. Our long-standing network of factories positioned us well to navigate the supply challenges that affected all industries. Our five manufacturing sites on three continents make our supply chain short, flexible, and able to meet shifting demand in our largest markets. We will continue to invest in expanding capacity across our manufacturing network to meet long-term growth and announced plans to build a new operationally carbon neutral factory in Vietnam. Children are increasingly concerned about the future of the planet. We are committed to giving them a voice and taking action to become a more sustainable company. After three years of research and development, we announced a breakthrough with our prototype brick made from recycled PET bottles. For COP26 (UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties), we met with children to hear their ideas and released a set of ten Building Instructions for a Better World. I am optimistic the planet will be in safe hands with todayÕs builders of tomorrow. They inspire us with their creativity, resilience, and optimism. And we are grateful to be able to inspire and develop them in return. It is this purpose that drives us to continue to invest in our future Ð and the future of generations to come.