2024 was an exceptional year for the LEGO Group. We achieved record top- and bottom-line results all while accelerating our strategic initiatives. Through our strong momentum during the year, we continued to outpace a challenged toy industry and gain market share. We also made good progress towards our goal of making LEGO¨ bricks more sustainable, including increasing the amount of renewable and recycled raw materials we buy to make our products. The performance was driven by strong demand for our diverse portfolio, excellent execution across all markets, and our resilient supply chain. Throughout the year, we continued to leverage our portfolio Ð around half of which was new Ð to grow with fans of all ages and interests. While kids will always be our main focus, we saw increased demand among teenagers and adults with our LEGO¨ Botanical Collection which attracted new builders to the LEGO brand. We continued to invest in improving the shopper experience across all channels, including in our LEGO branded stores and the stores belonging to our retail partners. Deliberate and timely investments in previous years are paying off and we have built a strong financial foundation that allows us to further increase investments for long-term growth. We also accelerated spending in strategic areas including sustainability and digital technology. Half of the materials purchased in 2024 were produced with sustainable sources: we more than doubled the share of our mass balance purchases to 47 percent, translating to an estimated average of 33 percent material from renewable sources. An additional three percent of the materials we use to make our products came from segregated sustainable sources. By doing so, we have reduced the use of virgin fossil materials. Our investments also saw us make good progress on our capacity expansions. We successfully carried out test runs at our new factory in Vietnam and the construction of a new factory in the U.S. is progressing well. We also continued to expand our factories in Mexico, Hungary and China. In addition, we celebrated the groundbreaking of a third campus at our headquarters in Billund, Denmark. Play in all forms has never been more important, and one of the proudest moments for me this year was the adoption by the United Nations General Assembly of the International Day of Play on 11 June Ð a celebration we, and our partners, believe is vital for current and future generations. Indeed, it is our ability as a company to make a positive difference for children around the world that ultimately makes the LEGO Group a success. I am grateful to our more than 31,000 talented employees who work with such dedication to inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow.