I am very proud of how Genmab has continued to evolve over the past year while remaining true to its core purpose of improving the lives of patients through the creation and development of innovative and differentiated antibody- based medicines. Genmab has been able to maintain a focus on its core purpose — to improve the lives of patients — due to the strength of the Company’s core values and unique Company culture. Our core values of passion for innovation, determination, integrity and working as one team are fully supported by a culture where patients come first, and our ideas and decisions are rooted in science. Genmab also fosters a culture where colleagues respect and celebrate differences and have the freedom to speak up and empower one another. The approval of Tivdak, a first for Genmab, would not have been possible without our inspiring team members who are dedicated to bringing our core values and culture to life. Over the past two years we embarked upon a more focused, business-driven corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategy, including a commitment to three United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that are most closely aligned with our business and that our teams can positively impact. We also updated our CSR governance structure. As Genmab monitors new developments, regulations and industry practices, we carefully consider initiatives that could further enhance our operations as a sustainable and socially responsible biotech. As such, Genmab is committed to help reduce our environmental footprint. Motivated by organizational growth and corresponding stakeholder focus on climate and environment, society and governance (ESG), Genmab evaluated its climate-related risks and opportunities. I’m pleased to report that we have implemented the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, which for the first time are part of this Annual Report. Additionally, Genmab plans to calculate its carbon footprint and set climate ambitions and targets. Genmab acknowledges its responsibility to contribute to the Paris Agreement goals by fulfilling its duty to reduce CO2 emissions. By strategically considering climate-related financial risks and opportunities, Genmab is beginning a journey to further protect long-term value for our operations and build resilience. As a company we also work diligently to continually improve our guidelines and policies for corporate governance, always taking into account trends in international and domestic requirements and recommendations. This commitment to corporate governance, like our dedication to CSR and the environment, is based on ethics and integrity. Our commitment to corporate governance also impacts our effort to strengthen the confidence that existing and future shareholders, partners, team members and other stakeholders have in Genmab. The role of shareholders and their interaction with Genmab is important, and open and transparent communication is paramount to maintain the confidence of Genmab’s shareholders. As such, we continue to conduct regular outreach and engage with our shareholders throughout the year and appreciate their open and candid feedback. In February of 2021 we further strengthened our Executive Management team with the appointment of Tahamtan Ahmadi as Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Ahmadi joined Genmab in 2017 and prior to his appointment served as Genmab’s Senior Vice President, Head of Oncology. In this new role, Dr. Ahmadi leads research, discovery, regulatory and medical activities. We also saw a change to our Board of Directors as Jonathan Peacock stepped down due to increased responsibilities in connection with his other board commitments. We thank Jonathan for his service to Genmab and are in the process of identifying the best possible candidate to fill this position on Genmab’s Board of Directors. In anticipation of the potential regulatory approval and launch of Genmab’s first medicine, Genmab took a focused and disciplined approach to further build its teams and strengthen our capabilities across the value chain. In 2021 we took the next step into becoming a fully integrated end-to-end biotech with the launch and co- promotion of our first U.S. FDA approved medicine. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Genmab’s dedicated team members, CEO Jan van de Winkel and the rest of the senior leadership team for their inspiration and extraordinary leadership and all of our shareholders for their continued support. Over the course of the past few years we have been working to strategically accelerate Genmab’s evolution into an end-to-end, fully integrated biotech innovation powerhouse. The initial goal of this growth has been to achieve our ambitious 2025 Vision of having our own cancer treatment on the market and a pipeline of knock-your-socks-off antibodies. I am now extremely proud to say that, with the events of 2021, we have moved closer to realizing our vision and have further strengthened our foundation as we continue to work toward transforming the future of cancer treatment. Genmab has always been at the forefront of innovation with all of our decisions rooted in cutting-edge science and driven by data. These values are reflected in the status of our proprietary pipeline. Of key importance is the U.S. FDA’s accelerated approval of Tivdak, which we are developing with Seagen, making it the first and only antibody- drug conjugate (ADC) approved for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer with disease progression on or after first-line therapy. This approval is a landmark event for Genmab and more importantly, for patients with recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer who have limited treatment options. We and Seagen have a robust development plan for Tivdak including in other solid tumors as well as a randomized Phase 3 study, also announced in 2021, which is intended to confirm Tivdak’s benefit in recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer and to support global regulatory applications. Our investigational medicine in development with AbbVie, epcoritamab, also made strides in 2021 with the first patients dosed in the first Phase 3 study for the bispecific antibody. Epcoritamab data was presented at multiple prestigious conferences and was also published in The Lancet. We are very excited for 2022 as we anticipate not only the start of additional Phase 3 studies but also the filing of the first BLA for epcoritamab, pending supportive feedback from the U.S. FDA. In 2021 the first patient was dosed with HexaBody- CD38 and an IND was submitted for DuoBody- CD3xB7H4. The first preclinical data for DuoBody- CD3xB7H4 was presented in November at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) 36th Anniversary Annual Meeting. Also presented at SITC were expansion cohort data from the Phase 1/2 study of DuoBody- PD-L1x4-1BB in solid tumors and initial dose-escalation data from the Phase 1/2 study of DuoBody-CD40x4-1BB in solid tumors, both of which are in development with BioNTech. These programs advanced as well with the first Phase 2 study of DuoBody-PD-L1x4-1BB and the initiation of multiple expansion cohorts in the Phase 1/2 study of DuoBody-CD40x4-1BB. innovations were applied in the pipelines of global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. In particular, our DuoBody technology platform has powered a variety of bispecific antibody therapies in development. The most advanced of these, amivantamab and teclistamab, are the result of our DuoBody collaboration with Janssen. In 2021 amivantamab was approved, as RYBREVANT, in the U.S., Europe and other markets for the treatment of certain adult patients with NSCLC with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations. These are the first regulatory approvals for a therapy that was created using the DuoBody bispecific technology platform. Subsequently, at the end of 2021 Janssen submitted a BLA to the U.S. FDA for teclistamab for the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. Earlier in the year the U.S. FDA granted Janssen Breakthrough Therapy Designation (BTD) for teclistamab in this indication. These events provided further validation for our DuoBody technology platform, which also powers the majority of our own pipeline. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to provide challenges in 2021, though as in 2020 our talented team not only met those challenges but used them as opportunities to help the communities in which we operate. Within Genmab our COVID-19 response team, led by me, developed and implemented a host of precautionary measures to help limit the impact of COVID-19 at our workplaces. Externally our teams sought out ways to provide assistance to our local communities. Our U.S. office was awarded the 2021 New Good Neighbor Award by NJ Business Magazine in part due to our support of numerous local relief efforts. I am also extremely proud of the way our teams used their specialized expertise to get involved in COVID-19 testing in the Netherlands. In an unprecedented all digital collaboration, Genmab and the Hubrecht Institute, along with later additional partners, developed the STRIP-Robot (Systematic Testing using Robotics and Innovation in Pandemics). This robot, nicknamed “The Beast,” rapidly processes large numbers of COVID-19 polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests, outperforming any other robot known, and at a lower cost per test than other methods. The dramatically increased testing capacity is benefiting our community in the Netherlands both now, during the COVID-19 pandemic, and in any future pandemics. This remarkable achievement was the winner of the prestigious Netherlands Prix Galien Excellence COVID-19 Award. This award reflects both Genmab’s position as an innovation powerhouse and our ability to use our expertise to support our communities. I believe Genmab’s success can be judged based on the impact that we have on patients’ lives. There are currently five medicines on the market that incorporate our innovations. As we continue to grow and our collaboration partners continue to leverage our technologies, we anticipate that additional medicines based on our science will become available for even more patients. Our near-term vision for the Company may evolve over time as Genmab itself grows and evolves, but our passion for innovating antibody therapeutics with the potential to improve and transform patients’ lives will always remain at the heart of Genmab. As always, none of our achievements over the past year would have been possible without the dedication and talent of our unstoppable world-class team, the support of our Board of Directors, the patients who participate in our clinical trials and their families, the investigators who help us trailblaze innovations and our shareholders who believe in our vision. Thank you all for your continued support as we look forward to another inspiring year.