At Genmab, we strive to be innovative and forward-thinking in everything we do, not just in our approach to discovering and developing differentiated antibody therapeutics. As a result, in 2022 the unstoppable team at Genmab built on our already solid foundation with progress throughout our business. Over the past year, we continued our businessdriven corporate responsibility strategy with an emphasis on measuring our carbon footprint, setting climate ambitions and targets, and improving our climate-related disclosures. We remained committed to our three previously selected United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs), and added an additional UNSDG, Goal 13: Climate Action. We are also dedicated to transparency and the continued improvement of our climate disclosures. We have included in our Annual Report our disclosures in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. In addition, we have an intention to commit to a climate target to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in line with the Paris Agreement. Because of our focus on sustainability, Genmab scores well on external benchmarking for environmental, social and governance (ESG) and we continually seek ways to improve and remain compliant with existing and new requirements. In 2023, we will continue our commitment to environmental responsibility and sustainability and will look for opportunities to further integrate this commitment into our business. I encourage you to read our 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report for more information. In 2022, we further strengthened our Senior Leadership team with the appointments of Birgitte Stephensen to Chief Legal Officer and Chris Cozic to Chief People Officer. Both leaders have experience in their fields, within and outside of Genmab. Birgitte Stephensen joined Genmab in 2002 and previously served as Genmab’s Senior Vice President, Intellectual Property Rights and Legal. Chris Cozic joined Genmab in 2017 and most recently served as Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources. We also saw a change to our Board of Directors with the election of Elizabeth O’Farrell at Genmab’s 2022 Annual General Meeting. During her 24-year career at Eli Lilly, Ms. O’Farrell served as CFO of some of the company’s largest businesses, including as Head of Global Finance Operations. She has solid financial experience including strategic, operational and financial decision-making and reporting across the value chain as well as expertise in driving global change initiatives. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Genmab’s dedicated team members, CEO Jan van de Winkel and the entire global leadership team for their inspiration and extraordinary leadership as well as our shareholders for their continued support. When I became CEO of Genmab in 2010 there was an imperative to outline a new strategy — one that would reposition the company to become financially sustainable and allow us to invest in our world-class antibody products and technologies. That three-pronged strategy — to turn science into medicine, build a profitable and successful biotech and focus on our core competence — led quickly to success. Just two years after we unveiled this strategy, we entered into two agreements with Janssen Biotech, Inc. (Janssen) that subsequently resulted in multiple approved medicines: DARZALEX® (daratumumab) and DARZALEX FASPRO® (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj) and the first approved DuoBody®-based antibody therapies RYBREVANT® (amivantamab) and TECVAYLI® (teclistamab). There is potential for an additional DuoBody-based medicine from this collaboration, as Janssen submitted a Biologics License Application (BLA) in December to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) for talquetamab. The approved medicines form part of the recurring revenue streams that we use to invest back into our company’s pipeline, technology and people. The results of this investment were on display in 2022. We celebrated the first full year of Genmab’s first approved medicine, Tivdak® (tisotumab vedotin-tftv), co-developed with Seagen Inc. (Seagen), being available for certain cervical cancer patients in the U.S. We submitted applications for our own DuoBody-based investigational medicine, epcoritamab, for approval in the U.S. and Japan and our partner AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) followed suit in Europe. We expanded and advanced our clinical and pre-clinical portfolios, including an expansion of our successful collaboration with BioNTech SE (BioNTech), and we further scaled our organization to be aligned with our portfolio growth and potential future product launches. Soon after we launched our successful strategy, we articulated an ambitious vision for the company — that by 2025, our own product has transformed cancer treatment, and we have a pipeline of KYSO antibodies. To support this vision, we outlined how we would build our capabilities and teams, and we aligned on a series of goals and milestones that we committed to reaching by 2025. These ambitious goals were a roadmap to becoming the company that we knew we could be. I am proud that we have met most of those goals and many more are within reach, giving us an extremely solid foundation on which to continue to build Genmab. With these achievements, we felt that it was time to look beyond our 2025 Vision to continue impacting the lives of patients and the healthcare community into the future. Together with members of Genmab’s leadership team and colleagues throughout the organization, we discussed what would make us feel proud in 2030. We have captured our aspirations for the future with a new vision, that by 2030, our KYSO antibody medicines are fundamentally transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases. Our 2030 Vision is not a reimagining of what Genmab is, but a bold expansion of what Genmab can be and how our unstoppable team aspires to use our innovation in antibody therapeutics to fundamentally transform the lives of patients. We know that our antibody know-how, assets and technologies can be applied to diseases outside cancer — the approvals of Novartis AG (Novartis)’s Kesimpta® (ofatumumab) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) and Horizon Therapeutics, plc (Horizon)’s TEPEZZA® (teprotumumab-trbw) in thyroid eye disease (TED) are proof of this. While we will continue to create and develop new treatment concepts in oncology, we will apply a rigorous approach in identifying areas outside of oncology where our science and expertise may potentially make the biggest difference for patients, with the ultimate goal of improving the lives of as many people as possible. As a co-founder of Genmab, I am extremely motivated by the progress we have made, both since I became CEO and over the past year. As a scientist and immunologist, I am truly excited by the potential of our antibodies and by the possibilities for Genmab in 2023, 2030 and beyond. I can say with confidence that this is not my story alone or the story of our global leadership team — it is the story of our talented and unstoppable Genmab team, of our collaboration partners who believe in the power of antibody therapies, of our supportive Board of Directors, the patients who participate in our clinical trials and their families, the investigators who help us trailblaze innovations, and our shareholders who believe in our vision. We are at the beginning of a fantastic KYSO future that we are creating together, and I thank you for your continued support.