For 25 years, Genmab has pioneered antibody-based medicines to fundamentally transform the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases. We take pride looking back at the great leaps we have made globally and within the foundations of Genmab; however, our focus remains steadfast on the future. Our progress has led us here: over 2,700 team members across five countries, eight antibody-based medicines having an impact on patients’ lives, and two wholly owned assets now in latestage development. its 25th anniversary in 2024, and the year gave all of us at Genmab much to celebrate. Twenty-five years of scientific progress have had an impact on the lives of patients and have inspired us to continue on our path of becoming a fully integrated biotech. This year, Genmab successfully acquired ProfoundBio. In addition to gaining worldwide rights to three clinical candidates and novel antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) platforms, the acquisition is representative of our long-term growth potential. We welcomed talented new colleagues to our Research & Development (R&D) team, and accelerated the clinical development for Rina-S, a wholly owned asset now in Phase 3 clinical development. Sustainability and social responsibility are fundamental to the way we work at Genmab. This Annual Report also marks the first year for Genmab incorporating our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) disclosures in compliance with the European Union’s (EU) Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Our first double materiality assessment (DMA) and its outcome supported the development of our first impacts, risks and opportunities that guided our future sustainability strategy. We remain committed to ensuring our actions benefit our stakeholders and society and that our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practices are integrated as a core part of our business. In 2024, 800 Genmab employees completed 4,037 service hours to make a difference in the lives of patients and their families, our communities and the environment. Our future looks promising under our expanded leadership. In 2024, we had two additions to our Executive Committee: Rayne Waller as Chief Technical Operations Officer, and Brad Bailey as Chief Commercial Officer. Rayne Waller joined Genmab to further solidify and strengthen our technical operations and lead all the manufacturing and supply chain capabilities of our proprietary programs through preclinical, clinical and commercial stages. Brad Bailey, previously Genmab’s Senior Vice President and U.S. General Manager, expanded his role to lead the direction, planning, and execution of Genmab’s global commercial strategies as we expand beyond our two priority markets of the U.S. and Japan. These new additions strengthen our commitment to a bold future for our diverse and innovative mid- to latestage clinical programs. In 2024, our Board of Directors (Board) continued to provide governance, guidance, and dedicated leadership. Comprised of experts in their fields, the Board has supported organizational growth initiatives, driven global change, and contributed value across Genmab. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Genmab’s dedicated team members, Chief Executive Officer Jan van de Winkel and the entire global leadership team for their inspiration and extraordinary leadership as well as our shareholders for your continued support. As I reflect on 2024, I am proud to share a year of remarkable progress and strategic achievement at Genmab. This year has reinforced our commitment to transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases through groundbreaking antibody-based medicines. Our advances across research, development, and commercialization activities reflect the strength of our vision, our team, and our unwavering focus on delivering value for patients and stakeholders alike. This year, we achieved several key milestones that drive us closer to our 2030 Vision of being a fully integrated biotech innovation powerhouse. Central to this was our acquisition of ProfoundBio, completed in May, which significantly enhanced our long-term growth potential and brought assets such as Rina-S into our pipeline. Rina-S, a next-generation ADC with best-inclass potential, entered Phase 3 development this year. We also assumed sole responsibility for the continued development and potential commercialization of acasunlimab, underscoring our commitment to building a robust pipeline of wholly owned, late-stage programs. These advancements are supported by a growing portfolio of proprietary technologies, including the novel ADC technology platforms we acquired with ProfoundBio, and our validated DuoBody platform, which underpins our success with innovative bispecific antibodies. This year, we carefully evaluated our investments with a focus on portfolio prioritization, and we evaluated our clinical pipeline to ensure we are investing our resources in the best and most effective way possible. This strategic prioritization means we are very focused on maximizing the potential of turning science into medicine through our Phase 3 programs, EPKINLY, Rina-S and acasunlimab. After a thorough assessment, we also decided to terminate some early-stage clinical programs that did not meet our criteria for potential KYSO® antibody-based medicines. And we decided not to pursue a Phase 3 program for Tivdak in second line plus head and neck cancer. This year we are pleased that our commercialized medicines reached significant achievements: EPKINLY became the first and only subcutaneous (SC) bispecific antibody approved to treat both relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) in the U.S. and Europe. Strong launches in Japan and other key markets have exceeded expectations. Tivdak, our tissue factor (TF)-directed ADC, received full U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) approval based on data demonstrating significant overall survival benefits for patients with recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer. Our financial performance this year has been a testament to the strength of our strategy. Recurring revenues grew significantly, driven by royalties from our collaborations and sales of EPKINLY and Tivdak, both of which delivered robust sales in 2024. This growth reinforces our financial position and enables continued investment based on our strategic prioritization efforts, which include our latestage clinical programs and commercialization capabilities. This focused approach enables us to realize our vision and capitalize on significant growth opportunities ahead. Genmab’s 25th anniversary also marked the beginning of a new era of opportunity as our company leverages the full potential of our late-stage clinical programs, the potential of the acquisition of ProfoundBio and continues to build on our existing cutting-edge antibody research and development to fulfill our midto long-term growth as a fully integrated biotech innovation powerhouse. These accomplishments and our progress would not have been possible without the dedication of our exceptional team, the collaboration of our partners, and the trust of our shareholders. I want to express my deepest gratitude to all who have contributed to our success this year. We are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead as we continue to evolve into a fully integrated biotech. With a strong foundation, an exceptional team, and a strong pipeline of innovative antibody medicines and investigational medicines, Genmab is well-positioned to deliver on our vision to have an impact on the lives of patients around the world. Thank you for your continued confidence and support. Together, we will continue to drive forward and reach our inspirational 2030 vision.