In March of this year I was honored to be elected to the position of Chair of Genmab’s Board of Directors. When I first joined the Board, Genmab was a completely different company than it is today. In just three years we have grown our pipeline, our capabilities and our ambitions as a dual-listed company with more than 750 employees across four global sites. This phenomenal growth begins with our core purpose — to improve the lives of patients by creating and developing innovative antibody products. This purpose is linked to a laser-sharp three-pronged strategy: We focus on our core competence — combining our deep insight into antibody biology and disease targets to develop next-generation technologies and identify the best disease targets, leading to the development of differentiated best-in-class and first-in-class antibodies. Some of these innovations have led to medicines that, in turn, have allowed us to build a profitable and successful biotech. Our Vision is that by 2025 this strategy will have provided us with a pipeline of “knock-your-socks-off” antibodies, and our own product will have transformed cancer treatment. We are ahead of schedule in achieving this 2025 Vision and we are confident that our strategy will position us for continued success in the future. The Board of Directors and Genmab’s Senior Leadership are also committed to an integrated Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) strategy, focusing on employee well-being, ethics and compliance in relation to our research, the environment and business ethics and transparency. In 2020 we embarked upon a more focused, business-driven CSR strategy to steer our efforts and build a foundational CSR program. A key part of this effort included our commitment to three United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that were most closely aligned with our business and that our teams can positively impact. We also benchmarked and examined our environmental, social and governance (ESG) activities, policies and disclosures to build a sustainable organization that meets ESG criteria of relevance to our business operations. We have adopted the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework and will follow its guidelines to disclose key metrics on ESG activities of relevance to our business operations. As a company we also work diligently to continually improve our guidelines and policies for corporate governance, always taking into account trends in international and domestic requirements and recommendations. This commitment to corporate governance, like our dedication to CSR, is based on ethics and integrity. Our commitment to corporate governance also forms the basis of our effort to strengthen the confidence that existing and future shareholders, partners, employees and other stakeholders have in Genmab. The role of shareholders and their interaction with Genmab is important and open and transparent communication is paramount to maintain the confidence of Genmab’s shareholders. As such, we conduct regular outreach and engage with our shareholders throughout the year. In February of 2020 our long-tenured Chief Financial Officer (CFO), David Eatwell, retired from the company, and we welcomed Anthony Pagano into this position. Mr. Pagano joined Genmab in 2007 and even prior to becoming CFO, he played a key role in Genmab’s success and corporate development. We further strengthened our Executive Management team in March with the appointment of Anthony Mancini as Chief Operating Officer (COO). Mr. Mancini brought to Genmab, and to this newly created role, strategic and operational leadership as well as a consistent track record of growth across North America, Europe and Australia. We also welcomed a new member to our Board, Jonathan Peacock. Previously CFO at both Novartis and Amgen, he brings with him extensive experience in corporate finance, strategy and international expansion in the pharmaceutical industry. In 2020 we continued to successfully execute our strategy to achieve our vision; we are progressing toward launching our own products so that patients with cancer may benefit from our innovations; and we are on a trajectory to become a fully integrated biotech and global oncology leader. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Genmab’s dedicated employees for their commitment to the company during this challenging year, Jan van de Winkel and the rest of the senior leadership team for their inspiration and extraordinary leadership and all of our shareholders for their continued support. The past year was like no other in the history of Genmab. The challenges posed by the global COVID-19 pandemic were extraordinary, but so, too, are Genmab’s passionate and talented employees. I am proud to say that as an organization, we not only rose to meet the global challenges presented by 2020; we made tremendous strides in our evolution into a leading, fully integrated innovation powerhouse, and are closer than ever to achieving our 2025 Vision of transforming cancer treatment. Genmab has a strong foundation of innovative science and an unparalleled history of repeated success in research and development. Over the course of the past few years, we strategically built on this foundation with the goal of evolving into a fully-integrated end-to-end biotech. In 2020 we reached an inflection point in this evolution, created by a series of key events, including our broad oncology collaboration with AbbVie, the opening of our cutting- edge laboratories in the U.S. and the strategic development of our internal capabilities across our global sites — including our latest location in Tokyo, Japan. By itself, the collaboration with AbbVie is a landmark achievement for Genmab. Both companies share a deep commitment to making a difference for patients, as well as a solid track record of innovation. The agreement put us on a path to accelerate, broaden and maximize the development of some of our promising bispecific antibody products, with the ultimate goal of bringing new potential medicines much faster to cancer patients. Genmab and AbbVie are equal partners, and we are working together to jointly make all strategy, development and commercialization decisions for three Genmab bispecific antibody products — epcoritamab, DuoHexaBody- CD37 and DuoBody- CD3x5T4 — as well as potential novel differentiated cancer therapies created under our discovery research collaboration. A key component of our collaboration with AbbVie is the development of epcoritamab. The first patient was treated with epcoritamab in 2018, and by the end of 2020 we announced the first Phase 3 study. At the beginning of 2021 the first patient was treated in the Phase 3 epcoritamab study and we announced the first Phase 3 study for tisotumab vedotin, our product candidate in development with Seagen. Based on the very favorable Phase 2 innovaTV 204 study results in metastatic cervical cancer, we anticipate, along with Seagen, filing our first Biologics License Application (BLA) for tisotumab vedotin in the first quarter of 2021. In addition to these later-stage studies, our pipeline expanded in 2020 as we filed two INDs for HexaBody- CD38 and DuoBody-CD3x5T4. Subsequently, DuoBody- CD3x5T4 as well as DuoHexaBody-CD37 progressed into clinical development. We were also extremely pleased to present the first clinical data for DuoBody-PD-L1x4-1BB, one of our programs in development with BioNTech, at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) 35th Anniversary Annual Meeting. In addition to the development of our own pipeline, there were great leaps forward with antibodies created by Genmab that are now being developed and marketed by other companies. Chief among these is DARZALEX® (daratumumab), developed and commercialized by Janssen. DARZALEX® has already revolutionized the treatment of multiple myeloma, and in 2020 it became the first and only subcutaneously administered CD38 antibody approved in the world. This route of administration significantly reduces treatment burden, as the fixed-dose injection is administered in approximately three to five minutes, offering patients a more convenient treatment experience. An additional highly-anticipated approval in 2020 was that of subcutaneous (SubQ) ofatumumab, as Kesimpta®, in the U.S. for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (RMS). Kesimpta®, which is being developed and marketed by Novartis, is the first B-cell therapy that can be self-administered by patients at home using the Sensoready® autoinjector pen, once monthly after starting therapy. A third Genmab- created antibody was approved in 2020, with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) approval of TEPEZZA® (teprotumumab), developed and commercialized by Horizon Therapeutics, for thyroid eye disease (TED). TEPEZZA® is the first and only U.S. FDA approved medicine for the treatment of TED, and it has had an incredibly successful launch, despite the impact of COVID-19. It is also worth noting that Janssen submitted applications for approval for amivantamab in both the U.S. and in Europe in December. These are the first regulatory submissions for a product candidate that was created using Genmab’s proprietary DuoBody® technology platform. Amivantamab is also the first DuoBody® to receive Breakthrough Therapy Designation (BTD) from the U.S. FDA. These events, in addition to the advancement of epcoritamab into Phase 3, underscore the potential of our DuoBody® technology platform to create innovative and differentiated antibody therapeutics. The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the importance of sciencedriven innovation to help solve the world’s most pressing issues and revealed just how interconnected we are as a society. This interdependence reinforces how critically important it is for Genmab to operate with a laser-sharp focus in our response to this unprecedented pandemic. Genmab continues to closely monitor developments related to the pandemic and follows recommendations from various authorities, including governments and global and local health agencies. Genmab established a COVID-19 response team, which I lead, that closely monitors the evolving situation, develops and implements precautionary measures to help limit the impact of COVID-19 at our workplace and on our communities and ensures business continuity. Genmab is actively monitoring the potential impact on our key priorities and assessing the situation on an ongoing basis in close contact with clinical trial sites, physicians and contract research organizations (CROs) to evaluate the impact and challenges posed by the COVID-19 situation and manage them accordingly. I believe that 2020 was a turning point for Genmab, with events that turbocharged our evolution into a fully integrated biotech innovation powerhouse. This evolution will allow us to deliver on our commitment to patients and shareholders not only through successful partnered products, but with our own products that may revolutionize cancer treatment. None of our achievements — especially during this incredibly turbulent year — would be possible without our dedicated world-class team, the support of our Board of Directors, the patients who participate in our clinical trials, the investigators who help us trail blaze innovations and our shareholders who believe in our 2025 Vision. Thank you all for your continued support as we move into another exciting year.