At Genmab, we strive to be our best for patients with cancer and other serious diseases and the stakeholders we serve. Our innovators and forward-thinkers work collaboratively to pioneer new antibody-based medicines and technologies, to inspire great ideas, and to support a shared vision of making a difference in the lives of patients. Genmab has grown our unstoppable team at all levels to create life-altering medicines, and to benefit our patients, employees, and the communities where we live and work. 2,000 team members internationally. This exciting landmark is evidence of our hard work and laser focus to power antibody medicines. Throughout our growth, we ensured that our teams act on our values: innovating, bringing great minds, cultures, and perspectives into the conversation, remaining patient-centric, and supporting our communities. In our efforts to have a positive impact for patients with cancer and other serious diseases, our team has deepened our focus on patient advocacy this year. The patient perspective is paramount to innovation in research and development (R&D) and scientific advancement. Genmab’s commitment to creating a meaningful difference is exemplified through our unwavering focus on understanding the unique experiences and stories that shape the patient journey. In 2023, Genmab colleagues participated in events that demonstrate our commitment and put our words into action. The Light the Night walk, a fundraising event supporting The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society that rallies U.S. local communities to honor and support those touched by cancer, is one shining example. With our increasing footprint, we had engagement in 16 communities in 12 states across the U.S. By placing the patient at the forefront, Genmab not only aims to bring patient-centered treatments to market, but also seeks to address the practical and emotional aspects vital to the well-being of the patient communities we serve. Genmab is preparing for upcoming global reporting requirements and other local reporting legislation that will guide our sustainability strategy in 2024 and beyond, including the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s Climate-Related Disclosures. We operate from a core set of values that underpins every decision we make. Our commitment to operating with integrity requires us to keep our minds focused on the future while remaining rooted in science and inspired by patients. Genmab strengthened our Executive Management in 2023 appointing Martine J. van Vugt, Ph.D. as our first Chief Strategy Officer. Beginning her professional career at Genmab in 2001, Dr. van Vugt has been active in business development since 2011. In 2023, our Board of Directors continued to provide governance, guidance and dedicated leadership. Comprised of experts in their fields, the Board of Directors has supported organizational growth initiatives, driven global change, and contributed value across Genmab. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Genmab’s dedicated team members, CEO Jan van de Winkel and the entire global leadership team for their inspiration and extraordinary leadership as well as our shareholders for your continued support. 2023 was a standout year for Genmab. For many years our team was a small one, but it was dedicated — dedicated to the idea that Genmab’s innovations could someday make a difference in the lives of people with cancer. That someday is today. There are now eight approved medicines based on Genmab’s innovation and antibody expertise. Epcoritamab became our second product on the market, approved as EPKINLY® in the U.S. and Japan and TEPKINLY® in Europe. With EPKINLY we are, for the first time in our history, the commercial lead in both the U.S. and Japan. Looking to the future, in 2024 we anticipate additional approvals in a new indication and the start of multiple Phase 3 trials with the goal of moving into earlier lines of therapy. This expansion reflects the robust clinical development program across B-cell malignancies that we’re continually developing with our partners at AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie). However, epcoritamab is only one of our exciting programs. We also saw very good progress with Tivdak® (tisotumab vedotin-tftv) this year. With the positive results from both the confirmatory innovaTV 301 study in cervical cancer and data in head and neck cancer from the innovaTV 207 study, tisotumab vedotin has cleared our very high bar for continued investment in development. We are very pleased with our plans to actively engage with health authorities on the next steps for tisotumab vedotin in both of these indications, along with our partner, Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer). Acasunlimab (GEN1046 (BNT311, DuoBody®- PD-L1x4-1BB), developed with BioNTech SE (BioNTech), has also shown promise in second line non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Based on preliminary data, we and our partner, BioNTech, are working with health authorities on next steps for the program and we look forward to presenting the data at a medical conference in 2024. Beyond acasunlimab, our successful partnership with BioNTech has also provided us with multiple other promising programs including the clinical-stage programs GEN1042 (BNT312, DuoBody-CD40x4-1BB), which generated encouraging data in multiple solid tumors in 2023, GEN1053 (BNT313, HexaBody®-CD27) and next in the clinic, GEN1059 (BNT314, DuoBody-EpCAMx4-1BB) and GEN1055 (BNT315, HexaBody-OX40). Two other pipeline programs that advanced in 2023 are GEN1047 or DuoBody-CD3xB7H4 and GEN3017 or DuoBody-CD3xCD30. The Phase 1/2 trial of GEN1047 is currently in the dose expansion phase, an important step in progressing our CD3-based bispecific platform in solid tumors. GEN3017 started recruitment for a first-in-human clinical trial in hematological malignancies. Our DuoBody partnership with Janssen Biotech, Inc. (Janssen) has continued to be fruitful. Three approved medicines have now come from this collaboration: RYBREVANT® (amivantamab), TECVAYLI® (teclistamab) and TALVEY™ (talquetamab), the latter of which was approved in both the U.S. and Europe in 2023. We believe the success of these bispecific programs highlights the potential of our innovative DuoBody technology and we look forward to seeing their continued development. When Genmab made a strategic commitment to focus on our core competencies in the development of antibody therapies, we were focused specifically on medicines for cancer. However, our knowledge of specific immunological pathways and access to unique next-generation antibody formats that we harnessed to fight cancer can also be applied to create therapies for immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases (I&I). As such, this year we updated our vision that by 2030, our KYSO antibody medicines are fundamentally transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases. Including indications beyond oncology made perfect sense as Genmab-created antibodies now marketed by our partners are approved in areas such as multiple sclerosis and thyroid eye disease. To this end in 2023 we partnered with argenx SE (argenx), giving us the opportunity to explore patients’ needs in oncology as well as I&I. therapies established a way forward; a roadmap to explore and bring to patients novel treatments for cancer and other diseases. We have focused our attention to the present, and our eyes to the future; a future in which our KYSO antibody medicines can fundamentally transform the lives of patients for the better. We believe we will continue to bring hope with our proprietary technologies and antibody-based products. As such, our philosophy of strategic and disciplined development and growth has served us well and we plan to continue doing just that. As we successfully grew our promising portfolio and built our teams, the time came in 2023 to build a new, larger headquarters site in Copenhagen. This state-of-the-art building marks how far we’ve come as a company and houses 500 team members, all pulling together towards a common goal under the same roof. Our Global R&D Center also expanded with the opening of the Accelerator, an iconic multi-tenant building nestled in the heart of the Utrecht Science Park, now home to the efforts of many more of our antibody experts and scientists. I am confident that in 2024, we will continue this momentum on our journey to become a biotech innovation powerhouse. Our success is only possible because of our talented and unstoppable team, the patients who participate in our clinical trials and their care partners, the investigators who run these trials, our partners who believe in the power of our cutting-edge technologies and antibody therapies, our supportive Board of Directors, and our shareholders who believe in our vision. Together we are creating a KYSO future. I thank you for your continued support.